more than a third of the blue shapes are semicircles .
exactly zero shapes are gray semicircles .
less than two shapes are cyan .
at most four shapes are crosses .
at least one triangle is yellow .

less than a third of the shapes are semicircles .
at least two thirds of the green shapes are rectangles .
less than two thirds of the shapes are magenta .
exactly two thirds of the circles are yellow .
less than a third of the circles is yellow .

exactly a third of the shapes is green .
less than a quarter of the green shapes are ellipses .
not three quarters of the yellow shapes are pentagons .
less than a quarter of the rectangles are yellow .
not five shapes are triangles .

exactly half the crosses are magenta .
at most three quarters of the shapes are rectangles .
at most all shapes are magenta crosses .
at least half the cyan shapes are crosses .
exactly zero magenta shapes are crosses .

more than five shapes are red ellipses .
at most three red shapes are rectangles .
not a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
at most one shape is a semicircle .
at least four shapes are triangles .

at least one shape is a gray triangle .
more than two thirds of the triangles are blue .
exactly three quarters of the shapes are blue .
exactly all red shapes are ellipses .
less than a quarter of the shapes are squares .

at least two shapes are yellow .
at least a quarter of the green shapes are pentagons .
at most a quarter of the shapes are cyan .
exactly zero shapes are cyan circles .
not two thirds of the ellipses are green .

less than four shapes are gray .
more than four shapes are gray crosses .
not four shapes are gray .
not three shapes are cyan .
at most three shapes are cyan triangles .

less than a quarter of the shapes are red crosses .
not a third of the blue shapes are pentagons .
less than a third of the red shapes are crosses .
exactly one yellow shape is a pentagon .
more than two thirds of the red shapes are pentagons .

exactly two thirds of the shapes are green circles .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are circles .
at least a quarter of the shapes are green .
exactly four shapes are semicircles .
at most three shapes are green pentagons .

not two shapes are ellipses .
at most all ellipses are red .
less than one pentagon is yellow .
exactly no shape is a magenta ellipse .
less than four shapes are red ellipses .

not no green shape is a pentagon .
at most three quarters of the gray shapes are pentagons .
at least four yellow shapes are crosses .
exactly two shapes are yellow .
at least one rectangle is blue .

less than three shapes are rectangles .
more than no shape is a red circle .
exactly four shapes are circles .
less than three red shapes are rectangles .
more than four red shapes are crosses .

at most four shapes are gray .
more than three rectangles are blue .
more than two rectangles are blue .
at most three quarters of the shapes are blue .
at least a quarter of the shapes are blue .

not two shapes are green .
more than one shape is a blue semicircle .
exactly one magenta shape is a semicircle .
at most one shape is a cyan semicircle .
more than half the shapes are cyan pentagons .

at least four blue shapes are circles .
at least one shape is a cyan semicircle .
at most three circles are blue .
less than one rectangle is blue .
exactly four shapes are semicircles .

at most a quarter of the ellipses are green .
exactly a third of the shapes are yellow ellipses .
not two shapes are semicircles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are yellow .
not no shape is a green semicircle .

at least two thirds of the shapes are magenta .
not zero shapes are blue semicircles .
less than a third of the pentagons is blue .
at most two thirds of the shapes are rectangles .
at least three shapes are gray ellipses .

at most a quarter of the shapes are gray .
at least one shape is a gray pentagon .
exactly three shapes are gray .
not three shapes are gray .
at least one shape is a yellow triangle .

exactly three quarters of the yellow shapes are squares .
at most five gray shapes are squares .
at least two squares are gray .
less than a third of the shapes are squares .
not one shape is a blue square .

more than three quarters of the shapes are gray ellipses .
at most three quarters of the ellipses are gray .
exactly two thirds of the red shapes are triangles .
at least three shapes are gray .
less than a quarter of the shapes are cyan ellipses .

at least half the shapes are red squares .
at least a third of the pentagons is red .
less than half the shapes are red squares .
at most three quarters of the red shapes are squares .
more than two squares are red .

at most a quarter of the gray shapes are ellipses .
at most five shapes are ellipses .
not zero shapes are cyan ellipses .
at most two thirds of the gray shapes are circles .
more than three shapes are green .

not no shape is yellow .
at most three quarters of the ellipses are green .
at least a quarter of the shapes are yellow triangles .
at least no shape is an ellipse .
more than three shapes are green .

at most three shapes are red triangles .
less than a quarter of the shapes are crosses .
more than a quarter of the shapes are red triangles .
more than five triangles are green .
at most a quarter of the shapes are triangles .

at most all rectangles are magenta .
not one shape is a rectangle .
more than five shapes are circles .
not all shapes are yellow .
exactly zero shapes are green rectangles .

at most three shapes are magenta .
less than all shapes are triangles .
at least one shape is a blue circle .
exactly three quarters of the shapes are green triangles .
not two shapes are yellow crosses .

not zero cyan shapes are rectangles .
more than half the pentagons are cyan .
not zero shapes are gray ellipses .
more than a quarter of the circles are gray .
less than a third of the shapes are pentagons .

exactly five circles are yellow .
less than five shapes are cyan .
more than four shapes are cyan pentagons .
more than half the shapes are yellow circles .
more than a third of the shapes are cyan squares .

exactly three quarters of the pentagons are red .
at least a quarter of the pentagons are blue .
more than half the shapes are red .
at most one red shape is a semicircle .
exactly no shape is a magenta semicircle .

at least three circles are gray .
more than two rectangles are magenta .
less than half the gray shapes are circles .
at most four gray shapes are circles .
exactly a third of the magenta shapes are rectangles .

more than a third of the pentagons is cyan .
not a third of the green shapes are triangles .
more than no shape is a square .
at least no shape is a red pentagon .
at least a quarter of the shapes are magenta pentagons .

at most one shape is cyan .
not two shapes are blue .
at most four shapes are blue .
not four triangles are blue .
not two shapes are squares .

exactly a quarter of the shapes are pentagons .
not one shape is a yellow cross .
at most two shapes are blue crosses .
exactly no gray shape is a pentagon .
exactly two thirds of the shapes are blue .

more than a quarter of the ellipses are magenta .
not one blue shape is an ellipse .
at most three shapes are cyan crosses .
less than two shapes are ellipses .
not no shape is a blue triangle .

at least four shapes are ellipses .
at most three magenta shapes are rectangles .
at least two crosses are cyan .
less than a quarter of the shapes are green rectangles .
more than one blue shape is a rectangle .

exactly three quarters of the shapes are cyan .
at most all red shapes are squares .
exactly one shape is a gray triangle .
not one rectangle is cyan .
at least a third of the semicircles is green .

less than two shapes are gray .
at least a third of the yellow shapes are ellipses .
exactly all circles are gray .
at least half the semicircles are yellow .
more than zero shapes are yellow .

less than half the ellipses are magenta .
at least two thirds of the shapes are yellow ellipses .
exactly a third of the shapes are blue circles .
more than two shapes are yellow .
less than half the shapes are blue circles .

at most four shapes are red .
not five shapes are magenta semicircles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are blue circles .
more than a third of the semicircles is yellow .
not a third of the shapes are triangles .

not three quarters of the shapes are green .
at least three yellow shapes are squares .
at most four shapes are rectangles .
not all rectangles are yellow .
exactly one rectangle is magenta .

exactly a third of the shapes is magenta .
not half the squares are cyan .
at least two shapes are magenta semicircles .
less than three shapes are yellow .
at most half the shapes are magenta .

less than one shape is a green circle .
less than three shapes are cyan squares .
at least three quarters of the shapes are red squares .
at most four squares are yellow .
more than half the shapes are triangles .

exactly two shapes are green .
at most half the shapes are yellow .
less than one rectangle is cyan .
more than a quarter of the shapes are green crosses .
at most half the shapes are semicircles .

less than a quarter of the shapes are cyan .
not one shape is blue .
exactly zero yellow shapes are triangles .
more than two thirds of the shapes are triangles .
less than three semicircles are yellow .

not one shape is a red ellipse .
at most half the shapes are red squares .
more than two shapes are yellow .
less than one shape is green .
less than two shapes are red squares .

at least three shapes are yellow ellipses .
at least a quarter of the shapes are circles .
exactly a third of the green shapes are ellipses .
at most all shapes are yellow semicircles .
exactly four semicircles are yellow .

more than four shapes are red pentagons .
at least a quarter of the pentagons are red .
more than two thirds of the shapes are cyan pentagons .
more than half the circles are red .
less than two shapes are gray circles .

at least five shapes are blue rectangles .
exactly all crosses are yellow .
more than three quarters of the shapes are semicircles .
not no blue shape is a circle .
less than half the shapes are magenta .

exactly one rectangle is green .
less than three rectangles are blue .
not one shape is green .
at least half the shapes are green squares .
not five shapes are semicircles .

not all ellipses are green .
exactly zero shapes are green .
at most three quarters of the crosses are green .
at most a quarter of the shapes are green .
less than five crosses are cyan .

more than four magenta shapes are semicircles .
not four shapes are green .
less than five shapes are semicircles .
more than zero yellow shapes are circles .
at most three quarters of the shapes are green .

not a third of the shapes are yellow semicircles .
not two pentagons are magenta .
at most five shapes are magenta crosses .
not half the shapes are triangles .
less than a third of the shapes are magenta crosses .

at most two cyan shapes are crosses .
not one shape is a cross .
at most half the crosses are green .
less than a third of the shapes are semicircles .
not one shape is a cyan semicircle .

at least half the pentagons are yellow .
less than half the shapes are cyan pentagons .
at most a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
at most a third of the circles is cyan .
at most a third of the shapes are blue pentagons .

at most two thirds of the cyan shapes are squares .
at least two thirds of the ellipses are red .
at most all red shapes are circles .
exactly half the shapes are cyan squares .
less than five circles are cyan .

less than one square is cyan .
at least three shapes are cyan .
less than half the shapes are ellipses .
less than a quarter of the shapes are yellow squares .
at most half the shapes are gray pentagons .

exactly three quarters of the blue shapes are ellipses .
not one shape is blue .
less than two shapes are magenta .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are circles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .

exactly zero shapes are circles .
at most half the shapes are blue .
not three quarters of the magenta shapes are semicircles .
less than one gray shape is an ellipse .
less than two green shapes are pentagons .

not one shape is a cyan ellipse .
at most half the shapes are cyan pentagons .
less than a quarter of the pentagons are cyan .
exactly one shape is a red rectangle .
at least four shapes are cyan pentagons .

at least three quarters of the triangles are gray .
less than two shapes are magenta .
less than a third of the shapes are gray squares .
at least three crosses are gray .
exactly zero blue shapes are circles .

exactly five rectangles are green .
more than zero red shapes are rectangles .
exactly one shape is gray .
less than two shapes are rectangles .
more than one shape is a green rectangle .

more than a quarter of the shapes are gray .
at least three squares are magenta .
at most four squares are magenta .
at most half the rectangles are gray .
less than three ellipses are magenta .

at most five shapes are circles .
more than two thirds of the magenta shapes are semicircles .
more than half the blue shapes are circles .
at least one shape is cyan .
exactly a third of the squares is red .

at most five cyan shapes are squares .
exactly half the shapes are blue triangles .
more than half the blue shapes are triangles .
at most two triangles are blue .
more than a quarter of the triangles are yellow .

at least four shapes are pentagons .
more than zero shapes are yellow semicircles .
not all green shapes are semicircles .
at least zero shapes are cyan .
at most all shapes are semicircles .

at least one cross is magenta .
more than four shapes are magenta .
not four crosses are magenta .
more than two shapes are magenta pentagons .
not all shapes are magenta .

exactly half the green shapes are triangles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are blue .
less than five triangles are green .
at least three quarters of the shapes are blue .
exactly no shape is a blue triangle .

less than five shapes are circles .
more than half the gray shapes are semicircles .
exactly zero shapes are yellow .
exactly one shape is red .
at most four shapes are pentagons .

not no shape is magenta .
at most a quarter of the shapes are blue triangles .
less than a quarter of the pentagons are gray .
not two shapes are magenta .
at least no semicircle is gray .

at least three shapes are red semicircles .
at most a third of the shapes are cyan semicircles .
not two shapes are red semicircles .
at most half the red shapes are pentagons .
less than a third of the shapes are red semicircles .

exactly two thirds of the shapes are magenta ellipses .
at most one ellipse is red .
not zero rectangles are magenta .
exactly one shape is red .
at most one shape is a square .

less than half the shapes are gray ellipses .
more than a third of the gray shapes are squares .
exactly one red shape is a semicircle .
at least three shapes are triangles .
at most one triangle is red .

at least a quarter of the pentagons are gray .
exactly no shape is an ellipse .
not a quarter of the shapes are green pentagons .
not one shape is a green cross .
exactly three pentagons are green .

not one shape is magenta .
more than one shape is a blue semicircle .
at most two thirds of the pentagons are blue .
not a quarter of the pentagons are blue .
less than five pentagons are blue .

at least one shape is a blue semicircle .
more than zero shapes are red pentagons .
at least a quarter of the shapes are red .
not a quarter of the shapes are red rectangles .
more than zero shapes are red circles .

less than a quarter of the yellow shapes are semicircles .
at least five yellow shapes are pentagons .
more than three shapes are yellow crosses .
at most two thirds of the crosses are cyan .
not two shapes are yellow semicircles .

less than three quarters of the shapes are cyan semicircles .
less than four shapes are pentagons .
less than one shape is a circle .
less than two thirds of the shapes are pentagons .
less than two shapes are circles .

not no shape is a yellow cross .
not no magenta shape is a triangle .
exactly a quarter of the squares are gray .
not two thirds of the shapes are blue ellipses .
less than a third of the shapes is blue .

at least four shapes are red .
less than a quarter of the ellipses are blue .
exactly no blue shape is a triangle .
at least half the shapes are blue circles .
exactly zero shapes are green pentagons .

not two shapes are yellow .
more than a third of the cyan shapes are pentagons .
not zero shapes are green rectangles .
more than one shape is a magenta rectangle .
less than half the shapes are pentagons .

exactly one shape is a green semicircle .
more than no shape is a gray semicircle .
exactly zero pentagons are green .
more than one magenta shape is a triangle .
exactly two thirds of the semicircles are green .

at most one shape is gray .
not a third of the semicircles is gray .
more than zero shapes are green .
at least zero shapes are yellow pentagons .
less than a third of the shapes are semicircles .

not two thirds of the shapes are rectangles .
more than two shapes are gray rectangles .
at least four shapes are red rectangles .
less than two semicircles are red .
more than three shapes are rectangles .

at most a quarter of the shapes are red circles .
less than four shapes are red circles .
not zero shapes are red circles .
not one semicircle is cyan .
more than zero shapes are magenta circles .

at most five shapes are red ellipses .
at most two thirds of the shapes are red crosses .
exactly half the red shapes are crosses .
not a third of the shapes is red .
less than one shape is a yellow cross .

not two shapes are crosses .
at most four crosses are blue .
more than a third of the squares is green .
more than two thirds of the green shapes are squares .
at most three quarters of the shapes are green .

less than one shape is magenta .
not a quarter of the ellipses are gray .
at least a quarter of the shapes are yellow .
at most three quarters of the shapes are magenta ellipses .
at least half the shapes are circles .

at least five semicircles are green .
not two shapes are cyan .
at least three quarters of the semicircles are gray .
less than two shapes are cyan circles .
at most half the shapes are green semicircles .

less than three rectangles are yellow .
more than three ellipses are magenta .
less than five shapes are yellow circles .
more than half the yellow shapes are ellipses .
less than five yellow shapes are pentagons .

at least four shapes are gray .
not two red shapes are circles .
at most a third of the shapes are red circles .
at most one circle is red .
at most a third of the shapes are magenta circles .

not three quarters of the green shapes are ellipses .
less than five shapes are ellipses .
more than a third of the shapes is gray .
at least one shape is a green ellipse .
less than a quarter of the ellipses are yellow .

less than two thirds of the magenta shapes are rectangles .
at least three quarters of the rectangles are magenta .
less than four shapes are circles .
at least five shapes are magenta pentagons .
less than two shapes are circles .

more than five shapes are yellow crosses .
at most four crosses are magenta .
at most two thirds of the crosses are magenta .
more than one shape is a rectangle .
not one shape is a rectangle .

exactly three shapes are circles .
at least two thirds of the yellow shapes are crosses .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are circles .
not all shapes are gray circles .
at most four shapes are cyan circles .

at most two thirds of the circles are yellow .
at most two thirds of the shapes are red .
less than a third of the shapes are circles .
at most two green shapes are circles .
at least a third of the shapes are semicircles .

at most a quarter of the shapes are yellow triangles .
more than four shapes are yellow pentagons .
not four shapes are yellow triangles .
less than five shapes are blue .
less than four yellow shapes are pentagons .

less than two shapes are red .
exactly two red shapes are rectangles .
exactly all ellipses are cyan .
less than four shapes are pentagons .
less than a third of the shapes are magenta pentagons .

exactly two shapes are cyan semicircles .
exactly no shape is a blue square .
less than five shapes are semicircles .
less than one green shape is a pentagon .
less than a third of the shapes are semicircles .

at most half the magenta shapes are rectangles .
less than three crosses are red .
not three shapes are rectangles .
at most a third of the shapes is green .
at most two shapes are red rectangles .

