more than two green shapes are farther from a green shape than a yellow pentagon .
no green shape is an ellipse .
less than five triangles are to the right of an ellipse .
at most one shape is a pentagon .
at most four magenta shapes are closer to a green triangle than a green square .

more than all circles but one are green .
as many pentagons as triangles are green .
at most three crosses are green .
more than four green shapes are circles .
less than five of the two shapes are gray .

exactly two shapes are lighter than a red shape .
more than zero red shapes are darker than a blue circle .
not one red shape is a pentagon .
at most five of the four red shapes are closer to an ellipse than a red shape .
at most zero of the five red shapes are smaller than a green circle .

at most two shapes are blue rectangles .
not two of the six rectangles are cyan rectangles .
at least zero shapes are squares .
not two of the four cyan shapes are smaller than a cyan rectangle .
less than one rectangle is to the left of a magenta ellipse .

less than all shapes but one are above a red shape .
less than five of the three squares are to the right of a magenta rectangle .
at least all the four squares but one are above a red square .
less than one of the two red shapes is a rectangle .
a quarter of the four squares is a cyan square .

a quarter of the four blue shapes is above a blue rectangle .
at most three of the eight rectangles are red rectangles .
at most four of the four blue shapes are closer to a red pentagon than a blue shape .
at most three blue shapes are closer to an ellipse than a rectangle .
not three of the three ellipses are to the right of a red rectangle .

at most three shapes are to the right of a yellow shape .
more than one cyan shape is a semicircle .
not two yellow shapes are lighter than a yellow semicircle .
at most five of the three semicircles are cyan semicircles .
not all the seven shapes but one are cyan rectangles .

more than two of the three crosses are darker than a gray circle .
not all the three yellow shapes but one are closer to a cyan cross than a rectangle .
not zero of the five shapes are behind a cross .
at least two yellow shapes are crosses .
at most all shapes but one are in front of a cross .

more than all yellow shapes but one are to the left of a magenta shape .
at most two of the five ellipses are yellow ellipses .
at least two blue shapes are smaller than an ellipse .
at most zero shapes are darker than a magenta shape .
none of the seven shapes is above a red shape .

exactly all the two ellipses but one are behind a gray triangle .
none of the three pentagons is magenta .
most yellow shapes are triangles .
not four pentagons are magenta pentagons .
not two of the seven magenta shapes are below a square .

more than zero of the two circles are smaller than a cross .
exactly two of the three crosses are farther from a cross than a circle .
at least four circles are yellow .
at most zero of the three circles are green .
more than one shape is closer to a cross than a green cross .

twice as many ellipses as crosses are below a cyan shape .
less than one of the eight shapes is cyan .
less than four of the three squares are blue squares .
not two blue shapes are blue pentagons .
less than all shapes but one are lighter than an ellipse .

as many gray shapes as green shapes are to the right of a square .
not three magenta shapes are above a gray semicircle .
less than two of the five shapes are green .
exactly two semicircles are bigger than a magenta shape .
more than zero of the three magenta shapes are smaller than a magenta shape .

most cyan shapes are closer to a cyan semicircle than a green rectangle .
not zero of the eight green shapes are triangles .
less than all rectangles but one are green .
less than three green shapes are lighter than a cyan triangle .
at least four of the four green shapes are to the left of a square .

at least all the two squares but one are bigger than a magenta square .
at most four shapes are farther from a magenta triangle than an ellipse .
at most two of the two squares are magenta .
as many blue shapes as circles are darker than a triangle .
at most one of the six shapes is a triangle .

at most five shapes are blue semicircles .
not zero of the eight blue shapes are closer to a blue shape than a blue pentagon .
five less pentagons than semicircles are blue .
at least one blue shape is to the left of a semicircle .
exactly one shape is to the left of a red semicircle .

exactly all shapes but one are triangles .
more than one shape is a green triangle .
exactly one cross is smaller than a red shape .
exactly two crosses are yellow .
not zero of the two blue shapes are to the left of a green square .

at least two squares are in front of a cyan shape .
exactly zero of the two magenta shapes are magenta ellipses .
as many pentagons as blue shapes are in front of a circle .
most cyan shapes are cyan crosses .
less than two red shapes are smaller than a circle .

more than all the three gray shapes but one are above a green pentagon .
exactly two of the seven green shapes are closer to a blue shape than a green shape .
at least all the eight green shapes but one are closer to a blue triangle than a green triangle .
exactly three of the seven green shapes are green triangles .
less than three green shapes are green ellipses .

exactly zero of the five shapes are in front of a semicircle .
more than three shapes are in front of a square .
twice as many ellipses as red shapes are in front of a square .
not zero of the four ellipses are below a yellow square .
all of the three ellipses are closer to a gray ellipse than a yellow shape .

five more squares than triangles are green .
at least three squares are closer to a red shape than a green triangle .
exactly one square is a green square .
exactly four red shapes are behind a yellow shape .
less than four red shapes are squares .

at least three pentagons are farther from a gray rectangle than a magenta cross .
exactly three triangles are magenta .
exactly all pentagons but one are smaller than a magenta pentagon .
two more rectangles than magenta shapes are lighter than a pentagon .
at most two magenta shapes are bigger than a gray shape .

at least four of the seven crosses are smaller than a green square .
more than zero crosses are above a green cross .
less than five of the eight squares are blue squares .
not three crosses are gray crosses .
most blue shapes are crosses .

more than three shapes are yellow ellipses .
all yellow shapes are farther from an ellipse than a red shape .
most rectangles are yellow .
not five ellipses are red ellipses .
more than zero of the three triangles are bigger than a red ellipse .

not five of the two gray shapes are in front of a gray circle .
no shape is behind a triangle .
not three of the three gray shapes are to the left of a cyan ellipse .
at most two of the four semicircles are farther from a green circle than a magenta circle .
most of the two green shapes are circles .

exactly four of the seven rectangles are red rectangles .
most shapes are to the right of a cyan rectangle .
at least two of the six red shapes are rectangles .
not all blue shapes but one are below a yellow shape .
at least five rectangles are to the left of a red shape .

exactly four cyan shapes are rectangles .
more than one of the four triangles is cyan .
exactly one green shape is a green cross .
not two of the six yellow shapes are smaller than a gray circle .
not five of the six gray shapes are triangles .

at most five green shapes are darker than a blue shape .
none of the five shapes is in front of a yellow ellipse .
not two of the seven ellipses are closer to a green shape than a blue shape .
all of the four green shapes are green rectangles .
not one of the six crosses is above a blue ellipse .

none of the two ellipses is magenta .
exactly zero gray shapes are lighter than a pentagon .
not zero yellow shapes are in front of a yellow ellipse .
less than one yellow shape is a yellow triangle .
more than two crosses are lighter than a yellow ellipse .

a few of the seven shapes are to the right of a pentagon .
not two yellow shapes are yellow rectangles .
at least four shapes are lighter than a yellow pentagon .
less than three of the seven shapes are ellipses .
more than zero of the eight shapes are yellow .

five less triangles than pentagons are darker than a green shape .
more than four squares are farther from a green square than a green pentagon .
less than all the seven shapes but one are darker than a yellow cross .
not all shapes but one are farther from a yellow triangle than a pentagon .
exactly zero of the four yellow shapes are yellow circles .

as many rectangles as crosses are to the right of a pentagon .
less than all shapes but one are cyan pentagons .
not two of the seven shapes are above a yellow shape .
none of the six shapes is farther from a blue shape than a magenta shape .
five more cyan shapes than crosses are to the left of a pentagon .

at most zero of the five cyan shapes are in front of a cyan square .
most shapes are farther from a red semicircle than a semicircle .
not zero shapes are to the left of a red semicircle .
exactly zero squares are smaller than a square .
not all the eight shapes but one are closer to a cyan shape than a red square .

twice as many red shapes as triangles are to the left of a gray square .
exactly zero circles are red .
at most two of the seven shapes are red triangles .
not five red shapes are smaller than a red shape .
most triangles are to the left of a gray square .

less than three of the two crosses are blue .
less than four of the three crosses are behind a yellow shape .
less than four of the three yellow shapes are lighter than a cross .
less than four of the six shapes are yellow triangles .
less than three of the three crosses are smaller than a green circle .

three more magenta shapes than cyan shapes are ellipses .
more than three shapes are magenta ellipses .
not one shape is a magenta ellipse .
at most four ellipses are cyan .
at most four of the four crosses are to the left of a magenta ellipse .

all of the three pentagons are darker than an ellipse .
at least one of the two pentagons is smaller than a cyan shape .
not all cyan shapes but one are pentagons .
less than all shapes but one are blue squares .
not three of the two squares are smaller than a green square .

not one of the eight shapes is a cyan circle .
more than all pentagons but one are darker than a cyan shape .
exactly one of the four shapes is magenta .
not five of the five shapes are circles .
exactly all cyan shapes but one are to the right of a blue pentagon .

not zero of the seven semicircles are green .
at least all the five cyan shapes but one are squares .
at least three rectangles are darker than a cyan semicircle .
less than all crosses but one are to the left of a cyan cross .
at least four cyan shapes are lighter than a green semicircle .

at least four of the eight shapes are below a green rectangle .
less than three of the five magenta shapes are closer to a cyan ellipse than an ellipse .
at least five shapes are closer to a cyan ellipse than a magenta circle .
a quarter of the magenta shapes is a magenta circle .
more than four shapes are magenta .

at most two of the six ellipses are darker than a blue semicircle .
not one yellow shape is a yellow rectangle .
two less semicircles than ellipses are red .
no ellipse is behind a red square .
at most zero blue shapes are ellipses .

exactly one of the four squares is a yellow square .
not two of the six shapes are gray circles .
not one of the four squares is darker than a yellow square .
more than three of the six shapes are smaller than a yellow shape .
not zero of the four gray shapes are bigger than a yellow shape .

four less magenta shapes than green shapes are circles .
less than five magenta shapes are darker than a green rectangle .
more than one shape is above a magenta shape .
not zero rectangles are to the right of a green rectangle .
more than five crosses are below a circle .

not five of the three green shapes are semicircles .
not five of the two magenta shapes are magenta ellipses .
more than five circles are darker than a green semicircle .
at most five blue shapes are blue semicircles .
not four of the three green shapes are closer to a semicircle than a magenta circle .

as many blue shapes as yellow shapes are closer to a rectangle than a gray rectangle .
at least one circle is darker than a circle .
not five of the two green shapes are bigger than a magenta shape .
less than four of the four circles are to the right of a cross .
exactly one rectangle is closer to a magenta rectangle than a circle .

more than five squares are magenta squares .
more than three of the five squares are green .
three less green shapes than blue shapes are farther from a semicircle than a square .
exactly one cyan shape is darker than a cyan shape .
at least one of the seven shapes is below a blue square .

not three of the seven ellipses are closer to a cyan triangle than a green triangle .
at most all the eight shapes but one are farther from a green triangle than a cyan shape .
at least zero of the seven triangles are smaller than a triangle .
three more cyan shapes than green shapes are behind a cyan triangle .
more than zero of the two green shapes are behind a cyan shape .

more than four shapes are in front of a blue shape .
at most all the five triangles but one are smaller than a gray circle .
more than three semicircles are darker than a gray square .
at least zero shapes are in front of a gray shape .
less than four circles are gray .

as many semicircles as squares are red .
at least two of the seven magenta shapes are triangles .
exactly four semicircles are above a yellow shape .
less than five shapes are behind a magenta shape .
less than three of the five red shapes are red triangles .

exactly all squares but one are gray squares .
less than three shapes are lighter than a gray square .
not five squares are red squares .
less than four of the four magenta shapes are farther from a square than a gray square .
most shapes are above a gray square .

three more pentagons than green shapes are to the right of a yellow shape .
at least one yellow shape is to the right of a magenta shape .
exactly four of the five yellow shapes are to the left of a circle .
most shapes are green .
most shapes are darker than a yellow pentagon .

at least all the three cyan shapes but one are farther from a semicircle than a square .
at most four semicircles are cyan semicircles .
not four squares are farther from a semicircle than a blue shape .
at most three circles are below a cyan shape .
at most five blue shapes are squares .

a third of the shapes is above a yellow triangle .
less than five of the seven triangles are bigger than a yellow shape .
all yellow shapes are above a yellow shape .
at least zero of the three yellow shapes are yellow triangles .
more than three of the five triangles are darker than a blue shape .

at least one magenta shape is a rectangle .
more than all shapes but one are gray ellipses .
not four ellipses are closer to a gray ellipse than an ellipse .
more than zero of the two magenta shapes are smaller than a gray ellipse .
five less gray shapes than yellow shapes are farther from a gray ellipse than a rectangle .

at least two of the seven rectangles are yellow .
less than four of the two magenta shapes are above a yellow rectangle .
more than zero red shapes are squares .
not one of the seven semicircles is below a yellow rectangle .
at least three yellow shapes are above a yellow rectangle .

all magenta shapes are squares .
more than zero of the six shapes are lighter than a cyan square .
exactly four of the two yellow shapes are to the left of a cyan circle .
at least zero of the six shapes are below a square .
at most four yellow shapes are darker than a cyan circle .

more than two of the four cyan shapes are cyan circles .
not three of the seven circles are closer to a blue triangle than a triangle .
exactly three circles are yellow .
half the green shapes are lighter than a blue circle .
at least five yellow shapes are above a blue shape .

half as many crosses as magenta shapes are lighter than a circle .
exactly zero ellipses are below a magenta ellipse .
exactly one blue shape is a pentagon .
at most all cyan shapes but one are smaller than a blue pentagon .
exactly three of the three ellipses are magenta .

at least two green shapes are triangles .
less than one of the three green shapes is an ellipse .
less than one shape is a triangle .
at most all shapes but one are above a gray semicircle .
at most three of the five shapes are green .

two more gray shapes than yellow shapes are ellipses .
more than two of the seven gray shapes are closer to a blue shape than a blue circle .
less than three of the seven gray shapes are gray circles .
at most three shapes are ellipses .
not three squares are to the left of a gray square .

as many squares as pentagons are farther from a red rectangle than a yellow square .
exactly two red shapes are rectangles .
less than four of the three green shapes are smaller than a yellow ellipse .
at most five red shapes are circles .
more than five red shapes are circles .

at least three magenta shapes are to the left of a magenta ellipse .
at most three of the seven ellipses are magenta .
more than three of the six magenta shapes are smaller than a magenta ellipse .
less than one of the six magenta shapes is a semicircle .
less than one of the seven ellipses is blue .

as many red shapes as triangles are closer to a blue triangle than a blue ellipse .
more than one of the seven ellipses is a red ellipse .
at most three of the four red shapes are to the left of a semicircle .
at most one shape is a blue ellipse .
at least all the four red shapes but one are farther from a blue shape than a red ellipse .

not one of the four semicircles is above a semicircle .
no rectangle is blue .
not all the eight shapes but one are smaller than a cyan shape .
at most three of the three semicircles are bigger than a semicircle .
less than all the eight shapes but one are below a blue shape .

not zero of the two cyan shapes are in front of a red cross .
less than four crosses are to the right of a cyan shape .
at least one shape is blue .
not three red shapes are red crosses .
exactly five of the five cyan shapes are closer to a red shape than a red cross .

two more red shapes than squares are smaller than a blue shape .
exactly one gray shape is to the right of a yellow rectangle .
exactly zero shapes are yellow squares .
at most two of the four rectangles are yellow .
most of the six rectangles are closer to a red square than a green square .

less than two of the five shapes are gray .
exactly all crosses but one are gray .
at most five of the five gray shapes are gray pentagons .
at most all the five shapes but one are to the right of a gray cross .
not five of the two rectangles are closer to a gray cross than an ellipse .

not two of the three semicircles are in front of a magenta pentagon .
at least five of the three semicircles are below a red shape .
less than one of the five red shapes is a triangle .
more than one pentagon is red .
less than five of the six pentagons are red .

not four of the four yellow shapes are in front of a cross .
not two of the seven triangles are lighter than a green cross .
at most five of the four ellipses are above an ellipse .
not four of the three red shapes are farther from a yellow shape than a red triangle .
less than five of the eight yellow shapes are closer to a green cross than a green triangle .

not zero of the five triangles are to the left of a cyan triangle .
at least five of the five yellow shapes are farther from a yellow triangle than a cyan triangle .
less than four of the two pentagons are blue .
at most three yellow shapes are yellow triangles .
at least two of the six yellow shapes are closer to a blue cross than a yellow triangle .

more than three yellow shapes are above a magenta cross .
not five rectangles are smaller than a magenta cross .
at most two crosses are magenta .
more than four shapes are to the right of a magenta square .
at most zero shapes are below a magenta shape .

at least all magenta shapes but one are magenta rectangles .
not five of the five rectangles are below a rectangle .
a few rectangles are below a rectangle .
less than all the seven shapes but one are darker than a magenta rectangle .
at least zero of the seven shapes are darker than a magenta rectangle .

at least five of the six green shapes are closer to a pentagon than a red circle .
five less squares than crosses are above a red circle .
most of the two triangles are red .
at most zero of the seven pentagons are bigger than a yellow pentagon .
less than zero of the six magenta shapes are below a magenta cross .

at least two of the five ellipses are to the left of a blue shape .
at most all circles but one are blue circles .
at least zero of the six blue shapes are farther from a magenta shape than a magenta pentagon .
at most all gray shapes but one are darker than a circle .
at most five shapes are closer to a blue ellipse than a magenta semicircle .

exactly all the seven shapes but one are to the left of a cyan shape .
half as many ellipses as magenta shapes are below a cyan pentagon .
not five of the four cyan shapes are to the right of a cyan shape .
less than five circles are behind a circle .
not one shape is closer to a cyan circle than a triangle .

exactly all the six rectangles but one are above a magenta rectangle .
more than zero squares are below a green shape .
exactly two of the seven shapes are below a magenta rectangle .
exactly three rectangles are behind a gray circle .
exactly zero cyan shapes are in front of a magenta rectangle .

at least zero of the three red shapes are darker than a red circle .
more than five of the three squares are smaller than a red shape .
exactly one semicircle is lighter than a red shape .
a few red shapes are circles .
more than one shape is to the right of a magenta ellipse .

a few shapes are yellow circles .
exactly all crosses but one are yellow .
at least one cyan shape is below a triangle .
exactly four of the five yellow shapes are to the left of a circle .
less than four shapes are darker than a blue semicircle .

exactly three of the two shapes are yellow .
at most three squares are to the left of a gray circle .
less than five gray shapes are smaller than a yellow circle .
at most four of the four circles are bigger than a gray circle .
most yellow shapes are yellow circles .

at most all green shapes but one are to the left of a green pentagon .
at least three of the four yellow shapes are crosses .
most green shapes are green triangles .
less than one green shape is a green semicircle .
less than one of the three crosses is magenta .

five less green shapes than circles are farther from a cyan shape than a magenta shape .
at least three of the six green shapes are darker than a circle .
more than zero rectangles are cyan .
at least five of the four cyan shapes are circles .
exactly all the six green shapes but one are circles .

at least one yellow shape is a pentagon .
at most four magenta shapes are magenta ellipses .
not three of the four semicircles are behind a blue shape .
more than zero semicircles are above a magenta shape .
at most four ellipses are to the right of a square .

not one of the seven rectangles is closer to a green shape than a blue shape .
all of the three crosses are farther from a red triangle than a rectangle .
at most three green shapes are below a triangle .
not three shapes are darker than a green cross .
less than five shapes are in front of a pentagon .

more than three gray shapes are darker than a magenta cross .
most shapes are magenta rectangles .
no cross is in front of a gray cross .
exactly two shapes are behind a cross .
at least one cross is magenta .

three less blue shapes than crosses are lighter than a pentagon .
not three of the four squares are darker than a square .
exactly four squares are blue squares .
not five shapes are to the right of a yellow cross .
more than zero of the five crosses are below a semicircle .

at most four of the six shapes are lighter than a cyan shape .
at most five of the six shapes are bigger than a triangle .
all crosses are green .
a few shapes are above a magenta triangle .
not two of the six shapes are green .

at most five of the seven circles are to the left of a rectangle .
a few green shapes are semicircles .
all magenta shapes are ellipses .
at least four crosses are magenta .
at least one shape is above a magenta cross .

three less circles than ellipses are below a blue pentagon .
at most zero of the three pentagons are farther from a blue pentagon than a magenta shape .
not two pentagons are farther from a blue pentagon than a magenta ellipse .
no gray shape is an ellipse .
no shape is bigger than a cross .

four less gray shapes than rectangles are above a red shape .
more than two rectangles are to the right of a red triangle .
exactly two shapes are red .
not five of the two circles are above a gray rectangle .
at least two of the six rectangles are smaller than a gray rectangle .

exactly zero circles are to the left of a circle .
at most zero of the seven circles are green .
at most all pentagons but one are farther from a triangle than a yellow rectangle .
exactly zero shapes are bigger than a rectangle .
at least one blue shape is above a cyan shape .

at least zero red shapes are rectangles .
at least two semicircles are lighter than a red triangle .
less than all green shapes but one are farther from a red pentagon than a green triangle .
at least two of the three triangles are smaller than a magenta triangle .
more than three red shapes are pentagons .

less than five of the five green shapes are farther from a magenta circle than a red circle .
at most all the seven red shapes but one are circles .
less than zero circles are above a red shape .
at most five shapes are smaller than a red circle .
not three circles are red circles .

four more blue shapes than crosses are smaller than a yellow square .
two thirds of the triangles are farther from a cyan semicircle than a blue triangle .
at most four blue shapes are triangles .
at least all magenta shapes but one are below a triangle .
more than three of the six blue shapes are lighter than a cyan shape .

at most zero pentagons are yellow pentagons .
all of the five semicircles are behind a pentagon .
not zero of the seven ellipses are farther from a magenta ellipse than a yellow semicircle .
not zero of the three yellow shapes are closer to a cyan ellipse than a yellow semicircle .
less than one ellipse is to the left of a green shape .

four more triangles than magenta shapes are farther from a red triangle than a magenta triangle .
at most one of the three cyan shapes is above a cyan shape .
exactly four of the eight triangles are magenta triangles .
at least two of the four cyan shapes are to the right of a magenta triangle .
at least zero of the three shapes are darker than a red shape .

twice as many red shapes as ellipses are farther from a red shape than a magenta circle .
a few shapes are to the right of a square .
less than three red shapes are above a yellow shape .
at least five ellipses are red ellipses .
exactly four ellipses are yellow ellipses .

at most zero yellow shapes are below a triangle .
more than three of the five gray shapes are below a triangle .
not five of the three pentagons are blue pentagons .
a few of the seven blue shapes are closer to a blue pentagon than a yellow triangle .
less than all the five magenta shapes but one are pentagons .

less than all red shapes but one are farther from a gray shape than a blue circle .
a quarter of the six red shapes is behind a semicircle .
at most all the four blue shapes but one are closer to a red circle than a semicircle .
at least five shapes are circles .
more than all the seven circles but one are lighter than a blue circle .

as many rectangles as ellipses are magenta .
at most all the two crosses but one are farther from a pentagon than a blue shape .
less than all shapes but one are bigger than a triangle .
at most four of the four magenta shapes are to the right of a triangle .
at most two of the three semicircles are farther from a magenta ellipse than a triangle .

at most all cyan shapes but one are smaller than a cyan shape .
more than five of the five cyan shapes are rectangles .
at most one square is blue .
not five of the two squares are lighter than a cyan shape .
more than two of the four red shapes are closer to a semicircle than a blue square .

