cyan two more than blue shapes shapes are rectangles .
at least all shapes but one are cyan .
exactly one cyan shape is a rectangle .
more than all cyan shapes but one are circles .
cyan twice as many shapes as magenta shapes are circles .
exactly four of the six circles are red .
exactly all crosses but one are cyan crosses .
at least all the two blue shapes but one are squares .
more than four shapes are gray .
at most zero circles are blue .
two more rectangles than crosses are cyan .
magenta twice as many shapes as blue shapes are triangles .
at least all the two triangles but one are magenta .
not five of the eight blue shapes are crosses .
more than four circles are magenta .
at most two shapes are cyan .
less than five semicircles are blue semicircles .
less than zero shapes are cyan .
red two more than blue shapes shapes are circles .
at most all shapes but one are gray .
twice as many pentagons as squares are cyan .
blue two more than green shapes shapes are circles .
at most five of the three triangles are red triangles .
gray four more than magenta shapes shapes are semicircles .
at least all shapes but one are pentagons .
at least four blue shapes are squares .
twice as many crosses as triangles are gray .
two less crosses than pentagons are red .
less than three of the seven semicircles are red .
not five circles are red .
blue two more than gray shapes shapes are ellipses .
not zero circles are magenta .
at least two of the four ellipses are magenta .
at most one gray shape is a gray circle .
more than one of the three crosses is magenta .
at most two of the four shapes are gray .
exactly zero of the six shapes are red .
yellow as many shapes as magenta shapes are ellipses .
at most two shapes are red .
at most three of the three blue shapes are semicircles .
not one of the six shapes is gray .
less than four of the two magenta shapes are ellipses .
blue four more than yellow shapes shapes are semicircles .
at most three of the eight gray shapes are rectangles .
two less circles than rectangles are yellow .
yellow four less than magenta shapes shapes are triangles .
at most three of the six rectangles are cyan .
at least zero squares are cyan .
less than one shape is a magenta square .
more than all triangles but one are red .
at most all the six green shapes but one are crosses .
as many pentagons as squares are blue .
more than five of the eight magenta shapes are pentagons .
red four more than blue shapes shapes are semicircles .
at most five ellipses are blue ellipses .
at least one cyan shape is a cyan triangle .
more than one red shape is a pentagon .
not four of the eight shapes are triangles .
more than zero of the five pentagons are blue .
not four of the five shapes are circles .
exactly five circles are red .
at most five of the eight shapes are cyan .
not three shapes are gray circles .
more than four yellow shapes are semicircles .
at most one of the six shapes is a cross .
exactly two triangles are cyan .
more than two shapes are gray .
less than two green shapes are triangles .
exactly one magenta shape is a semicircle .
more than zero shapes are triangles .
not four of the four ellipses are gray .
at most five ellipses are blue .
exactly three of the three semicircles are cyan .
as many crosses as ellipses are blue .
less than two pentagons are red .
not zero of the eight yellow shapes are triangles .
at most one of the six triangles is gray .
more than zero shapes are pentagons .
less than one of the eight circles is blue .
at least two of the five shapes are magenta .
magenta five more than cyan shapes shapes are rectangles .
exactly five of the five semicircles are blue .
at most three rectangles are red .
cyan three less than green shapes shapes are ellipses .
exactly one shape is yellow .
exactly one cross is a green cross .
twice as many triangles as crosses are cyan .
exactly five rectangles are red rectangles .
magenta two more than yellow shapes shapes are circles .
at most four of the three crosses are red .
less than all red shapes but one are crosses .
at most all the three magenta shapes but one are triangles .
more than four of the eight shapes are circles .
five less crosses than pentagons are blue .
not four of the six shapes are magenta .
at least zero of the eight gray shapes are crosses .
cyan half as many shapes as green shapes are ellipses .
red four less than yellow shapes shapes are crosses .
three more crosses than circles are gray .
at most two of the six shapes are circles .
