not three pentagons are cyan pentagons .
more than one of the eight shapes is a blue ellipse .
not three blue shapes are rectangles .
exactly zero of the five shapes are blue .
exactly two triangles are yellow .
more than three of the four yellow shapes are squares .
exactly five of the six rectangles are yellow rectangles .
blue four more than green shapes shapes are pentagons .
a quarter of the seven circles is a green circle .
not two shapes are semicircles .
at most five yellow shapes are rectangles .
at most all the six squares but one are magenta squares .
more than all squares but one are yellow .
exactly zero yellow shapes are triangles .
not all rectangles but one are yellow .
exactly one of the four crosses is a yellow cross .
less than all gray shapes but one are pentagons .
exactly three circles are green .
at least two triangles are red triangles .
twice as many semicircles as pentagons are yellow .
more than zero of the five blue shapes are blue ellipses .
no red shape is a square .
more than zero of the four blue shapes are semicircles .
exactly all red shapes but one are semicircles .
less than three of the three magenta shapes are rectangles .
more than four of the five shapes are red .
exactly five of the six triangles are green .
gray two less than magenta shapes shapes are crosses .
not five of the eight squares are yellow squares .
at least three of the six squares are gray .
not two ellipses are cyan ellipses .
more than four pentagons are magenta .
not five blue shapes are rectangles .
a quarter of the circles is magenta .
half as many pentagons as ellipses are magenta .
at least four of the eight shapes are red .
all of the five shapes are green circles .
exactly all cyan shapes but one are cyan pentagons .
at least one semicircle is a blue semicircle .
a few of the seven shapes are circles .
at least zero of the six shapes are magenta squares .
at most five of the eight shapes are red .
less than all the eight triangles but one are magenta triangles .
exactly five of the seven green shapes are green semicircles .
not two of the two rectangles are magenta .
more than all blue shapes but one are circles .
as many squares as crosses are blue .
yellow three more than blue shapes shapes are squares .
no semicircle is magenta .
not one cross is green .
two more circles than semicircles are cyan .
four less rectangles than pentagons are blue .
all of the two green shapes are crosses .
at most two semicircles are red .
less than four of the seven magenta shapes are crosses .
at most two squares are cyan .
red twice as many shapes as cyan shapes are ellipses .
exactly four red shapes are ellipses .
less than two of the three semicircles are yellow .
at least four of the seven cyan shapes are ellipses .
exactly two blue shapes are crosses .
exactly three pentagons are blue .
at most two squares are cyan .
most of the six shapes are circles .
more than zero of the eight shapes are triangles .
as many semicircles as ellipses are blue .
more than one of the eight green shapes is a cross .
almost all cyan shapes are cyan ellipses .
a few of the seven blue shapes are triangles .
more than two magenta shapes are squares .
exactly four shapes are gray .
almost no pentagon is a blue pentagon .
half the six shapes are semicircles .
not zero shapes are green ellipses .
two less triangles than crosses are magenta .
four less triangles than squares are cyan .
exactly one red shape is a semicircle .
less than four shapes are green .
five more triangles than rectangles are green .
three less squares than rectangles are yellow .
not zero squares are red squares .
at least all the three green shapes but one are ellipses .
not one of the four magenta shapes is a pentagon .
at most three of the seven shapes are cyan pentagons .
at least four of the two red shapes are crosses .
more than all the three red shapes but one are pentagons .
less than zero shapes are blue .
not zero cyan shapes are ellipses .
at most two of the seven rectangles are cyan .
yellow three more than magenta shapes shapes are triangles .
less than one of the seven shapes is a cyan semicircle .
exactly three of the six shapes are magenta .
exactly zero of the five shapes are cyan semicircles .
more than all the four yellow shapes but one are crosses .
all of the seven shapes are cyan .
yellow four less than magenta shapes shapes are triangles .
less than one of the four crosses is a blue cross .
less than zero shapes are red .
not five of the eight green shapes are rectangles .
not one semicircle is yellow .
