a triangle is darker than a square or less than a quarter of the magenta shapes is a triangle .
at most half the yellow shapes are triangles or a magenta shape is farther from a square than a yellow triangle .
exactly a quarter of the triangles is a cyan shape and a cyan shape is a circle .
more than all magenta shapes but one are squares or a magenta shape is bigger than a yellow shape .
a magenta shape is a triangle and there is a circle .

a red square is to the right of a red cross or a cross is a gray shape .
a circle is a cyan shape or more than two thirds of the red shapes are crosses .
there is a semicircle or at most a quarter of the crosses is a magenta cross .
a gray square is to the left of a blue triangle and at most half the squares are green shapes .
at least a quarter of the magenta shapes is a cross and a gray shape is a square .

a green square is lighter than an ellipse and an ellipse is farther from a red shape than a green shape .
less than all green shapes but one are green squares or an ellipse is a magenta ellipse .
at least two ellipses are green shapes or at most zero ellipses are blue shapes .
at most no shape is a green shape and not zero squares are green shapes .
there is a triangle or a green pentagon is to the left of a green square .

a semicircle is a cyan semicircle and a yellow rectangle is to the right of a cyan semicircle .
a cyan semicircle is behind a cyan semicircle or exactly four semicircles are yellow shapes .
there is a gray shape or at least two rectangles are yellow shapes .
a yellow shape is a rectangle and a semicircle is in front of a yellow shape .
not a quarter of the yellow shapes is a rectangle or there is a yellow semicircle .

there is a yellow semicircle or there is a green circle .
an ellipse is a red shape and exactly zero rectangles are green shapes .
a green semicircle is lighter than a rectangle and there is a cyan cross .
a gray ellipse is closer to a yellow circle than a red ellipse and at least zero circles are magenta circles .
a circle is closer to a green ellipse than a magenta shape or a magenta circle is farther from a yellow shape than a magenta circle .

there is a cyan shape or a cyan circle is smaller than a magenta circle .
a magenta circle is bigger than a cyan circle or a magenta shape is bigger than a cyan shape .
a circle is a magenta circle and a magenta shape is smaller than a cyan shape .
there is a cyan circle and more than no cyan shape is a circle .
at most two circles are magenta shapes and a shape is a green shape .

a blue shape is smaller than a cyan shape and a cyan semicircle is in front of a magenta rectangle .
at most all rectangles but one are magenta shapes or exactly three quarters of the magenta shapes are semicircles .
less than five cyan shapes are semicircles and there is a cyan rectangle .
more than four cyan shapes are cyan ellipses or a magenta rectangle is lighter than a cross .
exactly one semicircle is a magenta semicircle or there is a magenta pentagon .

a cyan shape is smaller than a green shape or there is a circle .
a yellow circle is farther from a red ellipse than a green rectangle or not all yellow shapes but two are triangles .
not two yellow shapes are circles or exactly one circle is a yellow circle .
exactly a third of the yellow shapes is a circle or less than a quarter of the rectangles is a green shape .
there is a green shape and a red shape is above a yellow rectangle .

a magenta shape is lighter than a magenta circle or a blue square is to the right of a magenta cross .
there is a triangle or a yellow shape is a pentagon .
a shape is a pentagon and there is a cross .
a blue circle is in front of a triangle or at least a quarter of the crosses is a gray shape .
a cross is darker than a magenta circle and a magenta triangle is below a blue square .

a square is farther from an ellipse than a gray rectangle and a magenta shape is in front of a yellow square .
a triangle is a magenta shape and an ellipse is to the left of a gray rectangle .
not three magenta shapes are squares or exactly all squares but zero are magenta shapes .
a magenta triangle is above a yellow square or a cyan shape is above a cyan shape .
a triangle is a yellow shape and there is a gray shape .

there is a magenta shape and a circle is to the left of a magenta triangle .
at most a quarter of the magenta shapes is a circle or more than five pentagons are red shapes .
a magenta circle is smaller than a red shape and there is a green rectangle .
at least all rectangles but one are green rectangles and less than one magenta shape is a pentagon .
a green rectangle is lighter than a triangle and a magenta shape is smaller than a green shape .

at least three quarters of the ellipses are cyan shapes or a red shape is a triangle .
less than two semicircles are green shapes and a green semicircle is above a red circle .
a pentagon is a yellow shape and there is a green cross .
a circle is to the right of a green ellipse and a gray shape is an ellipse .
there is a cyan shape and there is a yellow shape .

exactly three quarters of the yellow shapes are rectangles or exactly two semicircles are cyan shapes .
there is a magenta semicircle and exactly all magenta shapes are squares .
a pentagon is a cyan shape or there is a cross .
a pentagon is lighter than a rectangle or a cyan semicircle is in front of a blue shape .
at most no semicircle is a blue shape and a green shape is a triangle .

at most half the red shapes are circles and there is a green cross .
a green shape is a pentagon and at most half the shapes are yellow shapes .
a triangle is a gray triangle and a yellow circle is closer to a red circle than a gray circle .
a green cross is darker than a circle or there is a red shape .
at most two yellow shapes are triangles and a gray shape is a triangle .

a yellow triangle is closer to a yellow pentagon than a green triangle and there is a green triangle .
there is a green ellipse and a red triangle is bigger than a red shape .
a cyan shape is a pentagon or a pentagon is a green shape .
more than zero pentagons are yellow shapes and less than three quarters of the pentagons are yellow shapes .
a triangle is a magenta shape and a yellow ellipse is in front of a magenta shape .

a yellow circle is to the left of a cyan rectangle and a green triangle is in front of a rectangle .
a circle is a cyan shape and a cyan shape is smaller than a cyan shape .
not one square is a magenta shape or less than one shape is a semicircle .
a triangle is a red shape or there is a pentagon .
not half the magenta shapes are squares and a cyan shape is above a cyan shape .

a blue shape is bigger than a yellow shape or there is a magenta cross .
a cross is a magenta shape and at most half the red shapes are crosses .
less than one shape is a red cross and a red rectangle is smaller than a magenta rectangle .
a shape is a rectangle and there is a triangle .
a red cross is farther from a rectangle than a yellow cross and a yellow shape is to the right of a red rectangle .

not all green shapes are triangles or a circle is a gray shape .
a red ellipse is darker than an ellipse and an ellipse is darker than an ellipse .
a red shape is to the left of a pentagon or exactly all ellipses but two are red shapes .
a circle is a yellow circle or a circle is a yellow shape .
at most three circles are red shapes and a blue shape is to the left of a semicircle .

a gray shape is in front of a cyan shape and less than five shapes are red shapes .
a red shape is below a gray shape or a cyan cross is to the left of a cyan square .
a rectangle is in front of a gray cross or a rectangle is a cyan shape .
a rectangle is a red shape and a cross is a gray shape .
there is a square and there is a semicircle .

a red shape is a rectangle or more than two thirds of the gray shapes are squares .
at most three quarters of the gray shapes are squares or not zero shapes are crosses .
a gray square is farther from a magenta shape than a gray shape and a cross is a gray shape .
a red circle is farther from a red shape than a magenta cross and not four shapes are squares .
there is a gray shape and a red shape is above a magenta shape .

an ellipse is lighter than an ellipse or there is a pentagon .
a red ellipse is to the left of a magenta ellipse or a magenta shape is above a gray cross .
at most half the squares are red shapes or exactly four magenta shapes are ellipses .
a red shape is to the left of a gray cross and a red shape is a red cross .
a cross is below a magenta shape and not all magenta shapes but zero are squares .

not half the ellipses are cyan shapes or a cyan shape is a cross .
a shape is a pentagon or a magenta shape is a magenta ellipse .
a cyan shape is darker than a cyan ellipse or a magenta shape is a semicircle .
there is a red shape or a green triangle is to the right of a cyan pentagon .
there is a gray shape and an ellipse is darker than a cyan pentagon .

a gray cross is darker than a square and a square is a gray shape .
at least two thirds of the semicircles are gray shapes or there is a yellow shape .
a gray semicircle is farther from a pentagon than a green ellipse or there is a pentagon .
a green cross is farther from a gray cross than a gray triangle or there is a rectangle .
at least one shape is a circle and a gray shape is above a red pentagon .

there is a red shape and a green cross is darker than a yellow square .
a cross is below a green shape or at most all shapes but three are crosses .
a green cross is bigger than a gray shape and a yellow square is to the left of a green cross .
a yellow ellipse is lighter than a yellow square and there is a cross .
not no cross is a green shape and an ellipse is a yellow shape .

a blue shape is in front of a cyan triangle and not three shapes are semicircles .
there is a blue triangle or a pentagon is below a pentagon .
more than a third of the pentagons is a green shape and more than no cyan shape is a square .
at most four blue shapes are ellipses and a green shape is a square .
there is a cross or a red shape is closer to a green square than a gray triangle .

less than a third of the red shapes is a square or at least four triangles are yellow shapes .
a shape is a pentagon and a triangle is darker than a cross .
more than a quarter of the rectangles is a yellow shape and a triangle is darker than a triangle .
there is a semicircle or at most zero yellow shapes are yellow rectangles .
at least two circles are yellow shapes and there is a red shape .

a green semicircle is to the right of a yellow ellipse and a magenta shape is below a yellow ellipse .
a circle is to the left of a cross or there is a blue rectangle .
at least all gray shapes but two are gray semicircles or exactly four red shapes are red crosses .
a gray shape is a rectangle and a rectangle is farther from a blue shape than a circle .
there is a yellow shape or an ellipse is a gray shape .

less than all yellow shapes are triangles or not one square is a gray shape .
a cross is a cyan shape and a circle is behind a red semicircle .
a semicircle is in front of a blue shape and there is a yellow circle .
exactly all magenta shapes but three are semicircles or a blue shape is to the right of a yellow shape .
a red square is above a semicircle or a blue shape is bigger than a blue shape .

a triangle is smaller than a green shape or a blue shape is in front of a circle .
less than all blue shapes but three are triangles or a blue shape is in front of a blue triangle .
a blue circle is darker than a triangle and a blue shape is darker than a circle .
there is a gray shape and a rectangle is lighter than a triangle .
there is a magenta shape or exactly all rectangles are blue shapes .

a red shape is bigger than a magenta shape or there is a blue circle .
there is a circle and more than three circles are cyan shapes .
a blue shape is a blue circle or a circle is a blue circle .
there is a pentagon and a circle is a yellow shape .
not all shapes but one are magenta circles or there is a magenta shape .

not half the gray shapes are squares or a gray pentagon is farther from a magenta shape than a triangle .
there is a red shape and more than no shape is a gray pentagon .
not all gray shapes but two are squares and there is a gray square .
there is a pentagon and there is a gray pentagon .
there is a blue shape and not all gray shapes but two are pentagons .

more than a third of the crosses is a green shape and a semicircle is darker than an ellipse .
there is a magenta cross or less than a quarter of the crosses is a green shape .
there is a gray rectangle and a shape is a blue shape .
there is a red shape or there is a red shape .
a gray shape is a square or at most five blue shapes are blue pentagons .

a green shape is to the right of a yellow shape or a circle is above a yellow rectangle .
not zero circles are yellow circles or there is an ellipse .
a yellow shape is a rectangle or a gray circle is bigger than a cyan shape .
a magenta shape is to the right of a yellow rectangle or a gray shape is a cross .
a circle is in front of a yellow rectangle or a blue shape is closer to a yellow rectangle than a yellow cross .

there is a square and a magenta rectangle is darker than a rectangle .
there is a cyan semicircle and there is a cyan shape .
a green shape is to the right of a red shape or more than a quarter of the cyan shapes is a pentagon .
a pentagon is bigger than a green shape or a red shape is smaller than a red shape .
there is a red pentagon and a pentagon is bigger than a green shape .

a semicircle is a red semicircle or exactly all red shapes are red semicircles .
not two shapes are red ellipses or an ellipse is a red ellipse .
there is a red ellipse and there is a yellow semicircle .
a red shape is a cross or there is a triangle .
a red shape is a semicircle or there is a blue ellipse .

exactly two thirds of the ellipses are gray ellipses or there is a gray cross .
exactly all green shapes are pentagons and a gray ellipse is lighter than a red triangle .
there is a green triangle or a magenta shape is a magenta square .
a gray triangle is bigger than a yellow shape and a red shape is smaller than a gray shape .
not one red shape is a triangle and a gray pentagon is below an ellipse .

a red shape is to the left of a cross or at most all magenta shapes but three are pentagons .
a circle is a blue shape or a semicircle is a yellow shape .
a blue shape is to the left of a gray ellipse or exactly two cyan shapes are pentagons .
at least two thirds of the triangles are magenta shapes or exactly a third of the crosses is a blue shape .
a triangle is darker than a triangle and not all triangles but two are magenta shapes .

a magenta cross is smaller than a yellow shape or there is a gray ellipse .
a magenta shape is a cross and a magenta shape is a rectangle .
more than zero shapes are magenta squares and there is a magenta cross .
a magenta shape is a square and a shape is a magenta ellipse .
not two magenta shapes are ellipses or there is a green shape .

there is a pentagon and a yellow shape is a square .
there is a circle and less than a third of the cyan shapes is a square .
a square is a gray shape and there is a green shape .
at most a third of the blue shapes is an ellipse or not one red shape is a cross .
a red shape is closer to a cyan cross than a magenta shape and not half the squares are yellow squares .

less than five ellipses are blue shapes or more than one ellipse is a blue shape .
a blue shape is a blue circle or a cyan triangle is in front of a blue ellipse .
there is an ellipse or a cyan ellipse is to the right of a yellow shape .
a cyan ellipse is in front of a blue ellipse or there is a blue pentagon .
a cyan shape is to the right of a yellow shape and at least three quarters of the cyan shapes are ellipses .

a rectangle is closer to a green ellipse than a magenta rectangle or at least all ellipses but one are yellow shapes .
there is a rectangle or a green ellipse is in front of a yellow shape .
a gray ellipse is closer to an ellipse than a magenta rectangle and an ellipse is a blue shape .
a rectangle is a magenta shape and an ellipse is above an ellipse .
at least three quarters of the ellipses are green ellipses or a green shape is below a rectangle .

at least a third of the circles is a blue shape and not half the shapes are blue rectangles .
a rectangle is a green rectangle or a circle is a magenta shape .
exactly a quarter of the rectangles is a blue shape or a blue shape is farther from a gray shape than a green circle .
a blue shape is a rectangle or at least a quarter of the pentagons is a blue shape .
a gray shape is a rectangle and a circle is above a gray rectangle .

a cyan shape is behind a green triangle or a gray cross is smaller than a green cross .
there is a square and a red shape is a triangle .
a cyan pentagon is above a magenta shape and not five triangles are magenta shapes .
more than three green shapes are triangles and at least three green shapes are green pentagons .
a triangle is a magenta shape and there is a cyan shape .

a semicircle is a gray shape or less than two magenta shapes are semicircles .
a green semicircle is above a gray cross and a gray shape is above a gray cross .
a yellow circle is bigger than a red shape and not all green shapes but two are semicircles .
a yellow shape is a square or at least two thirds of the circles are green shapes .
a green shape is a pentagon or a gray circle is farther from a semicircle than a gray shape .

at least two pentagons are magenta pentagons and a magenta pentagon is farther from a blue shape than a pentagon .
there is a rectangle or at least all pentagons are magenta pentagons .
there is a cross or more than all shapes but two are magenta pentagons .
a magenta pentagon is smaller than a blue shape or at least five magenta shapes are pentagons .
there is a cyan shape or at most one pentagon is a blue pentagon .

there is a triangle and there is a magenta shape .
a red ellipse is below a gray rectangle or a yellow triangle is to the left of a square .
there is a circle and there is a gray pentagon .
more than half the triangles are green shapes or a gray rectangle is to the left of a yellow circle .
a yellow rectangle is in front of a green ellipse and at most all red shapes but two are ellipses .

a square is a green shape or not one square is a gray shape .
there is a blue square or a rectangle is a red shape .
there is a yellow shape or a red ellipse is lighter than a triangle .
a green shape is bigger than a green shape or a semicircle is to the left of a cross .
a gray shape is farther from a red shape than a rectangle and a pentagon is lighter than a triangle .

more than five circles are green circles or a cyan shape is a triangle .
more than one shape is a square and a circle is above a magenta square .
a green triangle is below a cyan pentagon and a cyan shape is a semicircle .
a circle is behind a triangle or there is a yellow shape .
a magenta square is farther from a magenta semicircle than a pentagon and a gray shape is above a circle .

a cross is to the right of a green cross or at most three crosses are green shapes .
a cyan cross is farther from a rectangle than a cyan ellipse or a green shape is a pentagon .
a cyan ellipse is to the right of a green semicircle or at most three quarters of the cyan shapes are ellipses .
there is a magenta ellipse or a red shape is smaller than a red shape .
a red shape is a rectangle or a green cross is behind a red ellipse .

exactly two thirds of the ellipses are magenta ellipses or a cyan shape is behind a rectangle .
there is a rectangle or there is a yellow rectangle .
a yellow shape is above a red circle and a green shape is behind a magenta ellipse .
a yellow shape is smaller than a magenta shape and not five red shapes are circles .
a circle is a magenta shape or there is a square .

a cross is behind a yellow cross or a cyan shape is a cross .
a cyan square is farther from a yellow cross than a cyan square and at most zero cyan shapes are semicircles .
at least all cyan shapes are cyan squares and there is a yellow shape .
more than all shapes but one are cyan shapes or a yellow shape is a cross .
exactly four shapes are cyan squares or there is a cyan cross .

there is a gray pentagon or a semicircle is darker than a cross .
a magenta shape is closer to a red pentagon than a red semicircle and there is a magenta square .
there is a cross or a green shape is bigger than a green shape .
at most zero shapes are red pentagons or less than all magenta shapes but zero are circles .
a red shape is a semicircle and at least all green shapes are pentagons .

exactly three quarters of the yellow shapes are ellipses or there is a green ellipse .
there is a blue triangle and a blue shape is a circle .
there is a yellow triangle and not two shapes are ellipses .
less than a quarter of the yellow shapes is a triangle and a triangle is to the right of a yellow shape .
a green shape is above a green pentagon or at least all shapes but three are yellow shapes .

at most zero green shapes are ellipses and less than a quarter of the semicircles is a magenta shape .
less than three quarters of the yellow shapes are triangles or a rectangle is a magenta rectangle .
a green triangle is in front of a yellow shape and a yellow cross is below a blue square .
at most a third of the gray shapes is a square and a cross is to the right of a circle .
a shape is a cyan shape and a red shape is farther from a magenta semicircle than an ellipse .

a cyan ellipse is below a cyan rectangle or a circle is to the right of a rectangle .
there is a red semicircle or a rectangle is a yellow shape .
at least five rectangles are magenta shapes and more than two thirds of the cyan shapes are rectangles .
a magenta shape is to the right of a gray ellipse and a rectangle is a yellow rectangle .
a shape is a yellow square and there is a red ellipse .

a magenta semicircle is farther from a cross than a magenta shape and a yellow shape is above a triangle .
a green shape is in front of a semicircle or a shape is a yellow semicircle .
a red semicircle is smaller than a magenta shape or a shape is a gray shape .
a magenta semicircle is to the left of a green cross and at least two thirds of the triangles are magenta shapes .
there is a red triangle and there is a yellow shape .

a square is closer to a blue shape than a magenta pentagon and more than three quarters of the pentagons are cyan shapes .
a red pentagon is bigger than a magenta pentagon and a red shape is a pentagon .
a red shape is smaller than a cyan shape and a red shape is a pentagon .
a magenta square is above a blue square or a cyan shape is a cyan pentagon .
a magenta shape is below a magenta pentagon and there is a pentagon .

a blue shape is to the right of a blue square or less than five blue shapes are squares .
there is a cyan square or at most zero shapes are blue semicircles .
at least two shapes are semicircles or a blue square is to the right of a blue semicircle .
more than zero squares are gray shapes or less than a quarter of the shapes is a semicircle .
there is a green shape or more than no blue shape is a triangle .

a yellow shape is farther from a square than a yellow shape and a yellow shape is farther from a yellow ellipse than a semicircle .
a green shape is a square or a green triangle is closer to a yellow ellipse than a yellow shape .
an ellipse is a cyan shape or a square is closer to a yellow triangle than a circle .
there is a yellow square and more than a quarter of the yellow shapes is a yellow square .
a yellow square is lighter than an ellipse and there is a yellow circle .

a magenta rectangle is to the right of a red rectangle or at least all shapes but zero are cyan pentagons .
more than no pentagon is a gray pentagon and a rectangle is smaller than a red shape .
there is a rectangle and at least a quarter of the cyan shapes is a circle .
at least a quarter of the magenta shapes is a magenta circle or exactly a quarter of the pentagons is a cyan shape .
a cyan ellipse is darker than a circle or there is a red pentagon .

there is a pentagon and a shape is a magenta shape .
more than all pentagons but one are magenta shapes and there is a gray square .
a magenta shape is above a green square or a square is a magenta shape .
a gray shape is a square or there is a magenta pentagon .
a square is a blue shape or not half the shapes are squares .

a gray shape is a semicircle and a gray semicircle is below a gray shape .
not no shape is a green shape and a circle is a red shape .
a cyan shape is a rectangle and not all cyan shapes but three are triangles .
a gray shape is an ellipse or at most one ellipse is a gray ellipse .
a magenta shape is in front of a circle or a magenta shape is an ellipse .

a yellow square is above a green rectangle and at least zero shapes are magenta shapes .
there is a cyan square and a blue shape is closer to a circle than a green rectangle .
at least half the cyan shapes are pentagons and a green shape is a rectangle .
there is a blue shape and there is a cyan cross .
a magenta shape is a rectangle and there is an ellipse .

at least three quarters of the red shapes are ellipses and less than one cyan shape is a cyan square .
at least a quarter of the circles is a red circle or there is a cyan triangle .
exactly no red shape is a red circle and there is a circle .
a cyan shape is in front of a red circle and a rectangle is a magenta shape .
at most three triangles are red shapes or an ellipse is to the right of a cyan shape .

a green shape is a green pentagon or a semicircle is a gray shape .
less than three quarters of the semicircles are blue shapes and there is a red ellipse .
a semicircle is a red semicircle and exactly a quarter of the triangles is a blue shape .
a magenta shape is behind a blue ellipse and a cross is a blue shape .
there is a gray circle or a gray shape is a square .

a magenta triangle is above a pentagon and a magenta shape is farther from a blue triangle than a red triangle .
there is a yellow cross and exactly no triangle is a red shape .
more than half the red shapes are triangles and there is a red triangle .
there is a blue shape and there is a magenta circle .
a triangle is a blue triangle and at most two thirds of the red shapes are triangles .

there is a green shape or not five red shapes are red squares .
at most a third of the red shapes is a red circle or there is a green cross .
at most zero red shapes are red rectangles or not all squares but one are red shapes .
a circle is a magenta circle and there is a magenta circle .
a gray shape is farther from a circle than a magenta triangle or there is a red circle .

less than a third of the blue shapes is a square and a pentagon is darker than a cross .
not half the magenta shapes are triangles and a rectangle is below a cross .
there is a red shape or a cross is bigger than a blue cross .
a shape is a semicircle and a blue shape is a semicircle .
there is a yellow ellipse or a cross is behind a blue square .

at most four cyan shapes are semicircles and a red shape is a rectangle .
a gray circle is to the right of a yellow shape and a cyan shape is to the left of a red shape .
an ellipse is a cyan ellipse or a magenta shape is closer to a cyan semicircle than a red shape .
there is a red rectangle or a triangle is a gray shape .
a cyan square is farther from a red rectangle than a red triangle or exactly four cyan shapes are circles .

there is a cyan rectangle and a gray semicircle is closer to a cross than a cyan triangle .
a semicircle is lighter than a triangle or a cyan shape is a cross .
there is a cyan cross and a cyan cross is farther from a triangle than a blue shape .
there is a cyan triangle and not all cyan shapes but zero are crosses .
a semicircle is closer to a triangle than a square or there is a rectangle .

a shape is a cyan shape or a yellow shape is smaller than a gray shape .
there is a yellow shape or a cyan shape is in front of a magenta cross .
at least one magenta shape is a cross or a magenta shape is a triangle .
a shape is a triangle and at least all gray shapes but one are triangles .
less than four triangles are gray shapes and less than three quarters of the crosses are cyan crosses .

a red shape is an ellipse and at most two red shapes are squares .
at most two thirds of the red shapes are squares or there is a red square .
more than a quarter of the red shapes is a square or there is a blue shape .
there is a magenta square or there is a magenta ellipse .
a shape is an ellipse and there is a red square .

a cyan shape is behind a yellow square and there is a pentagon .
a magenta shape is a magenta square and a yellow square is darker than a square .
a cyan shape is an ellipse and a yellow square is darker than a square .
a gray triangle is in front of a yellow square or there is a cross .
a gray ellipse is lighter than a gray rectangle or a gray semicircle is to the right of a gray ellipse .

at least a third of the pentagons is a yellow shape and a blue semicircle is in front of a magenta shape .
there is a red pentagon or a semicircle is a cyan semicircle .
a red rectangle is behind a red pentagon and more than all yellow shapes but three are rectangles .
a yellow shape is closer to a red pentagon than a magenta shape or at least two rectangles are red shapes .
less than all pentagons are red shapes and a rectangle is above a yellow pentagon .

a blue shape is a circle or more than a quarter of the blue shapes is a circle .
there is a blue pentagon and a pentagon is in front of a circle .
not zero pentagons are gray shapes and a square is a blue shape .
there is a triangle and there is a red shape .
a gray square is behind a magenta shape and a square is a gray shape .

a gray shape is bigger than a green shape or a blue square is to the right of a cyan square .
a gray shape is closer to a cyan square than a magenta shape or a pentagon is a blue shape .
a square is to the left of a gray square or at least three quarters of the squares are magenta shapes .
not one magenta shape is a square and there is a square .
exactly zero blue shapes are circles and a square is below a cyan square .

a green square is lighter than a rectangle or there is a green shape .
a green shape is a square and a green triangle is closer to a square than a green rectangle .
there is a square and there is a green square .
a magenta shape is a square or there is a cyan square .
there is a green square or a green shape is a square .

a magenta shape is a rectangle and a cross is bigger than a blue shape .
a green shape is lighter than a semicircle and a rectangle is behind a green shape .
there is a gray rectangle and at most all shapes but three are blue crosses .
a blue cross is bigger than a green cross or exactly no green shape is a green cross .
a blue cross is above an ellipse or a green shape is a square .

exactly all semicircles but one are cyan shapes or a green shape is a rectangle .
at least three quarters of the yellow shapes are yellow pentagons or there is a green ellipse .
at most a third of the magenta shapes is a circle or more than zero red shapes are triangles .
a magenta shape is an ellipse or more than two thirds of the yellow shapes are yellow semicircles .
there is an ellipse or a gray ellipse is to the right of a magenta shape .

there is a yellow shape or a magenta shape is a square .
at least all squares are blue squares or at least half the magenta shapes are crosses .
at least two thirds of the green shapes are squares or there is a green semicircle .
a magenta semicircle is to the right of a red triangle and a red triangle is to the left of a green shape .
a shape is a red shape and a semicircle is farther from a green cross than a yellow shape .

a magenta square is to the right of a magenta shape or there is a magenta triangle .
a red shape is a square and a square is lighter than a red rectangle .
a square is a green square and at least all magenta shapes but zero are squares .
not zero squares are magenta shapes or at most zero red shapes are squares .
there is a green semicircle and there is a red shape .

a green shape is a green ellipse or more than three quarters of the crosses are green shapes .
at most one shape is a rectangle and there is a green triangle .
a magenta triangle is to the right of a yellow triangle and there is a blue rectangle .
there is a gray shape or there is a red shape .
a magenta triangle is to the right of a yellow triangle and there is a yellow semicircle .

a gray rectangle is to the right of a pentagon and there is a green rectangle .
there is a magenta shape or a cyan cross is to the right of a green pentagon .
a cross is a green shape or a green shape is a cross .
there is a green rectangle and a green shape is a pentagon .
a green shape is a cross or a cyan shape is a cross .

a green cross is above a gray triangle or a triangle is above a pentagon .
a yellow triangle is closer to a gray triangle than a red cross and there is a gray shape .
at least three gray shapes are gray semicircles or a shape is a cyan cross .
at most two gray shapes are semicircles and a gray triangle is darker than a semicircle .
exactly a third of the gray shapes is a triangle and less than three quarters of the yellow shapes are triangles .

not a quarter of the crosses is a cyan shape and not all cyan shapes but one are cyan squares .
a cyan cross is to the left of a yellow triangle or a yellow shape is above a cyan square .
at least three quarters of the cyan shapes are squares or there is a cyan square .
there is a yellow rectangle or there is a yellow cross .
at least half the squares are cyan shapes or a square is a yellow shape .

there is a yellow triangle and not a third of the blue shapes is an ellipse .
a shape is a circle and there is a red shape .
there is a green square and there is a cyan pentagon .
a blue ellipse is in front of a red shape or exactly five red shapes are ellipses .
an ellipse is a red shape and a square is a yellow shape .

less than one shape is a gray square and a yellow shape is closer to a magenta circle than a yellow semicircle .
there is a yellow shape and at least three quarters of the circles are magenta shapes .
a gray cross is closer to a rectangle than a circle and a green semicircle is to the right of a magenta shape .
exactly all gray shapes but zero are crosses or a yellow shape is a semicircle .
a rectangle is a magenta shape or there is a magenta triangle .

at least all yellow shapes but two are pentagons and exactly all yellow shapes but one are pentagons .
there is a red pentagon or a semicircle is a gray shape .
at least all shapes are blue shapes or a green pentagon is bigger than a yellow shape .
there is a gray circle and a gray ellipse is in front of a gray shape .
a blue shape is farther from a cyan semicircle than a circle and there is a circle .

there is a gray shape or more than a third of the green shapes is a circle .
more than two thirds of the green shapes are squares or there is a pentagon .
a green shape is bigger than a blue shape and a shape is a blue shape .
there is a cyan pentagon and a green shape is a square .
a green square is smaller than a blue shape or more than one ellipse is a cyan shape .

exactly all squares but zero are magenta shapes or a green shape is bigger than a gray shape .
a cyan shape is below a blue shape or a green circle is bigger than a cyan shape .
a circle is lighter than a semicircle and a semicircle is bigger than a green semicircle .
less than two red shapes are circles and a red semicircle is lighter than a circle .
there is a green shape and a square is a yellow shape .

less than two blue shapes are blue pentagons and more than three blue shapes are pentagons .
at most a quarter of the blue shapes is a pentagon or a blue pentagon is in front of a pentagon .
a magenta shape is a triangle and a triangle is a gray shape .
exactly two thirds of the pentagons are yellow shapes or a pentagon is in front of a gray pentagon .
a blue shape is behind a gray pentagon and a gray circle is closer to a blue shape than a yellow shape .

a shape is a cyan shape or a cyan semicircle is closer to a cyan square than a cyan cross .
a cross is darker than a semicircle and there is a cross .
at most half the cyan shapes are squares or there is a square .
a cyan shape is above a pentagon and a circle is a gray shape .
a green shape is behind a gray circle and there is a gray semicircle .

a magenta cross is to the left of a magenta circle or a cross is darker than a circle .
a circle is lighter than a cross or more than five crosses are magenta shapes .
there is a blue cross or exactly all magenta shapes are pentagons .
exactly a quarter of the circles is a magenta shape or more than a quarter of the shapes is a cyan shape .
there is a magenta shape and there is a circle .

an ellipse is a cyan shape and there is a cyan circle .
a red shape is farther from a cyan square than a cyan circle or a red triangle is to the left of a red circle .
a cyan shape is a pentagon or there is a pentagon .
there is a semicircle and there is a cyan circle .
there is a gray shape or a green shape is below a cyan triangle .

a red shape is a semicircle and there is a cross .
less than one square is a cyan shape and a semicircle is a red shape .
at most all circles but one are red shapes or a cyan shape is a cross .
a red semicircle is lighter than a cross and there is a square .
a cyan square is farther from a red shape than a red cross and a triangle is below a cyan semicircle .

a cyan circle is darker than a cyan triangle and more than one blue shape is a square .
more than half the green shapes are semicircles or a yellow rectangle is above a magenta pentagon .
a green shape is a square and there is a blue square .
a cyan shape is a triangle or a red shape is smaller than a blue shape .
there is a pentagon and at most a quarter of the shapes is a semicircle .

at most five cyan shapes are cyan circles or at least three quarters of the circles are blue shapes .
at least all shapes but one are rectangles or at most half the red shapes are red rectangles .
a red shape is to the left of a gray shape and at most three quarters of the red shapes are circles .
a circle is a red circle and a red shape is to the right of a gray shape .
a gray semicircle is to the right of a rectangle and a blue shape is a rectangle .

a blue square is darker than a square or a cyan square is lighter than a semicircle .
a red square is smaller than a cyan semicircle or there is a cyan shape .
a cyan shape is a cross or a red shape is a semicircle .
there is a gray shape or less than three quarters of the blue shapes are squares .
there is a green shape or a blue square is above a red cross .

there is a gray triangle or a cyan shape is bigger than a gray shape .
a blue ellipse is to the left of a red shape and there is a red shape .
a pentagon is to the right of an ellipse and there is a triangle .
less than a third of the ellipses is a blue shape or a yellow triangle is bigger than a gray shape .
exactly five blue shapes are ellipses or less than all red shapes but two are ellipses .

an ellipse is closer to a gray shape than a blue square or a blue shape is below a blue pentagon .
there is a yellow semicircle and there is a blue square .
a gray shape is an ellipse or exactly a quarter of the yellow shapes is a circle .
at most a third of the squares is a blue shape or a semicircle is closer to a blue square than an ellipse .
an ellipse is lighter than a blue square and a circle is to the right of a cyan circle .

