the leftmost square is gray .
the darkest gray shape is a rectangle .
the upper gray shape is a pentagon .
the bigger square is magenta .
the right magenta shape is a circle .

the darkest rectangle is gray .
the rectangle farther from the cross is blue .
the rectangle farther from the blue cross is magenta .
the darker gray shape is a semicircle .
the darker gray shape is a rectangle .

the darkest rectangle is gray .
the biggest yellow shape is a cross .
the lighter yellow shape is a rectangle .
the darker gray shape is a semicircle .
the bigger yellow shape is a rectangle .

the pentagon farthest from the red shape is magenta .
the uppermost pentagon is magenta .
the smallest magenta shape is a triangle .
the rightmost gray shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost pentagon is magenta .

the darkest magenta shape is an ellipse .
the darkest triangle is cyan .
the bigger gray shape is a triangle .
the lighter magenta shape is a triangle .
the leftmost triangle is gray .

the biggest square is gray .
the smaller blue shape is a pentagon .
the leftmost green shape is a triangle .
the leftmost blue shape is a pentagon .
the darker red shape is a semicircle .

the cyan shape farther from the yellow square is a pentagon .
the darkest cyan shape is a square .
the lower pentagon is gray .
the right pentagon is cyan .
the rightmost yellow shape is a square .

the cyan shape farther from the yellow triangle is a circle .
the lowermost cyan shape is a cross .
the cyan shape farthest from the yellow triangle is a semicircle .
the lowermost cyan shape is a circle .
the left cyan shape is a circle .

the rectangle farther from the green square is blue .
the uppermost semicircle is gray .
the lower green shape is a square .
the smallest square is green .
the lowermost green shape is a rectangle .

the lightest gray shape is a semicircle .
the uppermost gray shape is an ellipse .
the semicircle farther from the green cross is gray .
the left semicircle is gray .
the uppermost gray shape is a semicircle .

the ellipse farthest from the blue shape is magenta .
the lightest gray shape is an ellipse .
the gray shape farther from the magenta square is an ellipse .
the leftmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the gray shape closer to the blue shape is an ellipse .

the right blue shape is a circle .
the circle farther from the yellow rectangle is green .
the right blue shape is a cross .
the lighter circle is blue .
the right blue shape is a circle .

the rightmost gray shape is a cross .
the leftmost magenta shape is a triangle .
the rightmost magenta shape is a pentagon .
the lightest blue shape is a circle .
the right magenta shape is a square .

the upper cyan shape is a rectangle .
the lightest cyan shape is a circle .
the lowermost circle is magenta .
the lowermost circle is yellow .
the leftmost circle is gray .

the darkest green shape is a circle .
the leftmost green shape is a circle .
the lowermost cross is yellow .
the lower cross is gray .
the left cross is yellow .

the lower rectangle is red .
the right rectangle is yellow .
the triangle farthest from the red shape is cyan .
the upper rectangle is red .
the upper rectangle is red .

the cyan shape farthest from the red pentagon is a pentagon .
the cyan shape farther from the red pentagon is a rectangle .
the rightmost rectangle is yellow .
the upper rectangle is yellow .
the upper rectangle is yellow .

the darker cross is gray .
the lower circle is green .
the circle farther from the square is cyan .
the smallest circle is magenta .
the lowermost cross is cyan .

the upper gray shape is a rectangle .
the pentagon closer to the cross is gray .
the darkest gray shape is a triangle .
the leftmost semicircle is magenta .
the gray shape farthest from the magenta shape is an ellipse .

the lighter rectangle is blue .
the upper pentagon is yellow .
the darkest blue shape is a circle .
the upper blue shape is a pentagon .
the biggest pentagon is yellow .

the smallest circle is red .
the darker magenta shape is a semicircle .
the upper circle is magenta .
the leftmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost circle is red .

the blue shape closer to the green semicircle is a pentagon .
the leftmost semicircle is blue .
the green shape farthest from the magenta cross is a semicircle .
the lightest blue shape is a semicircle .
the lowermost cross is magenta .

the biggest cyan shape is a circle .
the lightest circle is cyan .
the lighter blue shape is a semicircle .
the right ellipse is green .
the darkest circle is blue .

the left cyan shape is a semicircle .
the left triangle is yellow .
the right triangle is magenta .
the lighter circle is cyan .
the right circle is cyan .

the lowermost gray shape is a circle .
the darkest red shape is a semicircle .
the right semicircle is red .
the red shape closest to the gray circle is a triangle .
the bigger gray shape is a semicircle .

the leftmost pentagon is red .
the lower ellipse is red .
the darkest yellow shape is a square .
the right yellow shape is a pentagon .
the darkest pentagon is cyan .

the upper yellow shape is a square .
the biggest ellipse is gray .
the darker square is yellow .
the rightmost yellow shape is a square .
the green shape farther from the pentagon is a square .

the upper blue shape is a square .
the lowermost red shape is a square .
the upper red shape is a semicircle .
the uppermost gray shape is an ellipse .
the right blue shape is a rectangle .

the lightest yellow shape is a cross .
the lowermost magenta shape is a cross .
the left yellow shape is an ellipse .
the yellow shape farther from the blue circle is a rectangle .
the rightmost ellipse is gray .

the smallest gray shape is a pentagon .
the lighter gray shape is a circle .
the lowermost pentagon is cyan .
the lighter pentagon is blue .
the leftmost gray shape is a square .

the bigger pentagon is magenta .
the lower square is red .
the left gray shape is an ellipse .
the uppermost gray shape is a circle .
the upper yellow shape is a square .

the uppermost green shape is a pentagon .
the lightest magenta shape is a circle .
the lowermost triangle is gray .
the right triangle is cyan .
the uppermost magenta shape is a circle .

the lighter pentagon is green .
the lowermost gray shape is a triangle .
the left ellipse is cyan .
the gray shape closest to the red ellipse is a triangle .
the leftmost ellipse is cyan .

the yellow shape farther from the green triangle is a rectangle .
the lower yellow shape is an ellipse .
the right yellow shape is a rectangle .
the lower yellow shape is a cross .
the lower yellow shape is a rectangle .

the right yellow shape is a triangle .
the lowermost yellow shape is a triangle .
the lowermost square is yellow .
the upper yellow shape is a square .
the square farther from the triangle is yellow .

the rightmost pentagon is red .
the smaller red shape is a pentagon .
the right square is magenta .
the upper square is magenta .
the lowermost pentagon is green .

the biggest rectangle is green .
the left red shape is a semicircle .
the bigger semicircle is gray .
the red shape farther from the triangle is a square .
the lower semicircle is green .

the smallest yellow shape is a rectangle .
the rectangle farthest from the green pentagon is yellow .
the yellow shape closer to the cyan ellipse is a semicircle .
the upper yellow shape is a rectangle .
the yellow shape closer to the red shape is a rectangle .

the smaller gray shape is a circle .
the rightmost gray shape is a circle .
the biggest gray shape is a triangle .
the bigger gray shape is a triangle .
the right gray shape is a cross .

the lighter cross is yellow .
the darker yellow shape is an ellipse .
the cross closer to the ellipse is magenta .
the biggest yellow shape is a square .
the uppermost green shape is a square .

the bigger pentagon is gray .
the rightmost cyan shape is an ellipse .
the leftmost cyan shape is a triangle .
the smallest cross is gray .
the darkest cyan shape is a circle .

the uppermost yellow shape is a triangle .
the lower circle is yellow .
the cross farther from the magenta circle is yellow .
the circle farthest from the yellow cross is yellow .
the rightmost red shape is a triangle .

the ellipse closest to the gray shape is cyan .
the leftmost ellipse is yellow .
the rightmost ellipse is yellow .
the ellipse closest to the gray shape is gray .
the ellipse farthest from the rectangle is green .

the smaller rectangle is green .
the pentagon closest to the magenta circle is red .
the bigger rectangle is magenta .
the smallest rectangle is magenta .
the bigger rectangle is red .

the semicircle farthest from the gray pentagon is red .
the rightmost ellipse is green .
the darker blue shape is a square .
the upper semicircle is red .
the leftmost blue shape is an ellipse .

the rightmost square is gray .
the ellipse closer to the yellow square is gray .
the square farther from the gray semicircle is blue .
the gray shape closest to the yellow square is an ellipse .
the lowermost gray shape is an ellipse .

the darkest magenta shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost yellow shape is an ellipse .
the lightest magenta shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost magenta shape is a square .
the lower triangle is blue .

the lowermost semicircle is cyan .
the uppermost semicircle is blue .
the yellow shape farthest from the pentagon is a triangle .
the lightest yellow shape is a square .
the yellow shape farthest from the cyan semicircle is a circle .

the smallest blue shape is a semicircle .
the uppermost blue shape is an ellipse .
the lower ellipse is red .
the left blue shape is a triangle .
the rectangle farthest from the magenta ellipse is magenta .

the left gray shape is a rectangle .
the smallest triangle is gray .
the gray shape closest to the green rectangle is a triangle .
the gray shape closer to the green rectangle is a triangle .
the gray shape closer to the magenta shape is a triangle .

the leftmost gray shape is a circle .
the right gray shape is a circle .
the lower gray shape is a cross .
the gray shape farthest from the magenta triangle is a cross .
the rightmost gray shape is a cross .

the right square is red .
the bigger green shape is a square .
the uppermost green shape is a rectangle .
the uppermost green shape is a square .
the square closer to the red shape is green .

the red shape closest to the pentagon is a semicircle .
the uppermost red shape is a pentagon .
the uppermost red shape is a triangle .
the darker red shape is a semicircle .
the red shape farther from the cyan shape is a cross .

the darkest green shape is a rectangle .
the lowermost triangle is green .
the ellipse closest to the gray shape is green .
the right ellipse is green .
the triangle closest to the yellow semicircle is green .

the bigger semicircle is yellow .
the pentagon farthest from the yellow shape is red .
the lower red shape is a pentagon .
the semicircle farthest from the gray pentagon is magenta .
the magenta shape farther from the red rectangle is a circle .

the red shape farthest from the green shape is an ellipse .
the biggest rectangle is yellow .
the upper rectangle is yellow .
the darkest magenta shape is a circle .
the smaller rectangle is gray .

the bigger circle is blue .
the upper circle is green .
the upper circle is blue .
the bigger circle is yellow .
the right circle is magenta .

the right pentagon is magenta .
the pentagon farthest from the gray shape is blue .
the uppermost rectangle is green .
the rightmost pentagon is blue .
the leftmost rectangle is blue .

the right ellipse is magenta .
the lower magenta shape is a square .
the magenta shape closest to the gray circle is a square .
the darker magenta shape is an ellipse .
the lightest magenta shape is an ellipse .

the lowermost ellipse is green .
the leftmost gray shape is a semicircle .
the left semicircle is magenta .
the lighter gray shape is a pentagon .
the semicircle farther from the cyan pentagon is magenta .

the left cross is cyan .
the green shape farthest from the gray shape is a semicircle .
the left green shape is a semicircle .
the smallest cross is blue .
the cyan shape closest to the gray circle is a cross .

the lighter green shape is a semicircle .
the rightmost yellow shape is an ellipse .
the upper green shape is a semicircle .
the green shape farther from the yellow rectangle is a rectangle .
the right green shape is a circle .

the rightmost circle is gray .
the darkest cyan shape is a circle .
the bigger circle is cyan .
the cyan shape closer to the magenta ellipse is a rectangle .
the circle closer to the pentagon is gray .

the biggest yellow shape is a circle .
the lowermost yellow shape is a rectangle .
the red shape farther from the gray shape is an ellipse .
the lightest circle is yellow .
the yellow shape closest to the gray rectangle is a circle .

the left rectangle is gray .
the upper cyan shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost gray shape is a rectangle .
the lighter cyan shape is a rectangle .
the lightest cyan shape is a rectangle .

the uppermost pentagon is green .
the uppermost pentagon is green .
the green shape closer to the cyan shape is a pentagon .
the uppermost pentagon is magenta .
the lowermost gray shape is a pentagon .

the darkest pentagon is gray .
the smallest square is green .
the bigger square is gray .
the leftmost square is gray .
the pentagon closest to the green shape is cyan .

the green shape closest to the gray shape is a circle .
the uppermost pentagon is gray .
the left pentagon is green .
the bigger pentagon is green .
the pentagon farther from the red cross is gray .

the lighter pentagon is yellow .
the rightmost pentagon is magenta .
the lightest pentagon is yellow .
the lower magenta shape is a square .
the right magenta shape is a circle .

the lowermost blue shape is a triangle .
the lower blue shape is a triangle .
the uppermost ellipse is cyan .
the uppermost ellipse is cyan .
the smaller ellipse is cyan .

the leftmost rectangle is magenta .
the lowermost cyan shape is a semicircle .
the rightmost rectangle is magenta .
the right rectangle is green .
the rightmost circle is blue .

the yellow shape closer to the cyan shape is a cross .
the yellow shape closest to the red pentagon is a cross .
the right yellow shape is a cross .
the darker yellow shape is a cross .
the lowermost yellow shape is a semicircle .

the rectangle farther from the cyan cross is blue .
the biggest cross is blue .
the smallest cross is gray .
the lowermost green shape is an ellipse .
the smaller gray shape is a cross .

the lighter pentagon is green .
the smallest square is cyan .
the darkest yellow shape is a pentagon .
the darkest yellow shape is a triangle .
the pentagon closer to the green shape is green .

the uppermost magenta shape is a square .
the darkest blue shape is a cross .
the darker blue shape is an ellipse .
the magenta shape farthest from the ellipse is a square .
the left magenta shape is a square .

the green shape closest to the gray shape is a pentagon .
the rightmost green shape is a rectangle .
the upper square is gray .
the right green shape is a rectangle .
the left square is blue .

the leftmost rectangle is magenta .
the rectangle farther from the yellow circle is green .
the biggest square is cyan .
the right rectangle is magenta .
the yellow shape closest to the blue shape is a rectangle .

the darker yellow shape is a square .
the biggest cyan shape is an ellipse .
the rightmost square is green .
the bigger square is cyan .
the lightest yellow shape is a cross .

the lighter magenta shape is a cross .
the lightest magenta shape is a square .
the leftmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the lower magenta shape is an ellipse .
the darkest magenta shape is a square .

the right gray shape is a cross .
the lower ellipse is gray .
the uppermost ellipse is gray .
the left ellipse is gray .
the lowermost gray shape is an ellipse .

the lowermost ellipse is red .
the left ellipse is gray .
the rightmost ellipse is gray .
the ellipse farthest from the circle is red .
the upper pentagon is cyan .

the smallest blue shape is a square .
the blue shape farther from the red cross is a square .
the smallest square is yellow .
the lightest blue shape is a square .
the lightest blue shape is a circle .

the darkest square is gray .
the right ellipse is blue .
the bigger blue shape is a square .
the darker blue shape is a square .
the bigger ellipse is red .

the rightmost rectangle is yellow .
the rectangle closer to the square is blue .
the bigger rectangle is green .
the lower rectangle is blue .
the rectangle closest to the square is yellow .

the rightmost triangle is red .
the lightest red shape is a semicircle .
the rightmost triangle is red .
the smallest rectangle is blue .
the triangle farthest from the blue semicircle is yellow .

the green shape farther from the gray circle is a circle .
the smallest triangle is magenta .
the left circle is gray .
the uppermost circle is green .
the leftmost green shape is an ellipse .

the smallest gray shape is a pentagon .
the biggest cross is red .
the uppermost cross is red .
the smallest gray shape is a cross .
the lightest gray shape is a circle .

the lower rectangle is red .
the bigger rectangle is cyan .
the bigger rectangle is gray .
the upper rectangle is gray .
the smaller rectangle is gray .

the smallest green shape is a semicircle .
the darkest green shape is a semicircle .
the uppermost green shape is a semicircle .
the biggest semicircle is gray .
the green shape farther from the red shape is a semicircle .

the rightmost cross is green .
the rectangle closest to the red square is magenta .
the lowermost triangle is yellow .
the bigger yellow shape is a triangle .
the right yellow shape is a semicircle .

the uppermost triangle is yellow .
the biggest triangle is blue .
the lightest green shape is a triangle .
the left cyan shape is a cross .
the right semicircle is blue .

the left semicircle is yellow .
the uppermost semicircle is yellow .
the uppermost semicircle is yellow .
the pentagon farther from the circle is blue .
the lighter pentagon is blue .

the right magenta shape is a triangle .
the red shape farthest from the magenta cross is a semicircle .
the triangle closest to the cyan circle is blue .
the lowermost triangle is blue .
the magenta shape closest to the circle is a square .

the lightest yellow shape is a pentagon .
the upper red shape is a semicircle .
the lower yellow shape is a pentagon .
the yellow shape farthest from the cross is a triangle .
the bigger semicircle is cyan .

the bigger blue shape is a triangle .
the right gray shape is a circle .
the uppermost triangle is green .
the lowermost triangle is magenta .
the lightest blue shape is a triangle .

the lighter cyan shape is a pentagon .
the left cyan shape is a pentagon .
the leftmost cyan shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost cyan shape is a pentagon .
the darkest yellow shape is a semicircle .

the lower triangle is gray .
the triangle farthest from the square is gray .
the right triangle is gray .
the triangle farther from the cyan shape is cyan .
the leftmost triangle is yellow .

the bigger square is green .
the lower ellipse is gray .
the square farther from the magenta shape is green .
the lower ellipse is gray .
the upper ellipse is magenta .

the darkest semicircle is blue .
the lowermost red shape is a square .
the triangle closer to the square is green .
the lower triangle is red .
the blue shape closest to the red square is a semicircle .

the right yellow shape is a cross .
the uppermost green shape is a circle .
the lower yellow shape is a rectangle .
the smaller semicircle is cyan .
the leftmost green shape is a circle .

