less than two thirds of the shapes are cyan shapes .
at most three quarters of the shapes are cyan squares .
less than two thirds of the shapes are cyan rectangles .
at least a third of the circles are red shapes .
less than a third of the squares are cyan shapes .

more than half the pentagons are gray shapes .
at most all shapes are red .
not all rectangles are magenta .
at most all rectangles are cyan .
less than two thirds of the shapes are semicircles .

less than three quarters of the shapes are magenta triangles .
exactly three quarters of the shapes are green pentagons .
at most a quarter of the shapes are green triangles .
at least half the triangles are yellow shapes .
less than all shapes are yellow crosses .

at most a third of the shapes are cyan pentagons .
at most a third of the shapes are pentagons .
at most three quarters of the shapes are blue squares .
more than half the yellow shapes are squares .
not no shape is a green square .

more than a third of the gray shapes are rectangles .
at least a quarter of the shapes are gray shapes .
at most a third of the gray shapes are pentagons .
exactly two thirds of the shapes are gray pentagons .
at least a quarter of the yellow shapes are semicircles .

at most half the shapes are triangles .
not a quarter of the squares are blue shapes .
more than half the shapes are yellow triangles .
exactly no shape is a pentagon .
at most a quarter of the shapes are yellow triangles .

at most a third of the semicircles are green shapes .
not a quarter of the cyan shapes are triangles .
not two thirds of the shapes are green semicircles .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are magenta shapes .
at least a third of the shapes are magenta semicircles .

not a third of the shapes are crosses .
less than three quarters of the shapes are green crosses .
exactly all shapes are gray ellipses .
less than three quarters of the yellow shapes are ellipses .
more than a third of the yellow shapes are ellipses .

exactly a quarter of the circles are cyan shapes .
exactly a quarter of the magenta shapes are squares .
less than all shapes are yellow squares .
less than a quarter of the yellow shapes are squares .
at most two thirds of the circles are magenta shapes .

exactly a quarter of the pentagons are green shapes .
at most all shapes are gray pentagons .
at most a third of the shapes are gray shapes .
not a third of the shapes are green shapes .
not three quarters of the rectangles are gray shapes .

at most a quarter of the triangles are yellow shapes .
at most a quarter of the shapes are yellow triangles .
exactly no yellow shape is a triangle .
exactly no red shape is a circle .
exactly all shapes are blue triangles .

less than two thirds of the shapes are red semicircles .
not no red shape is an ellipse .
exactly all shapes are semicircles .
less than two thirds of the shapes are gray semicircles .
less than a quarter of the ellipses are cyan shapes .

less than all shapes are blue pentagons .
less than a third of the crosses are blue shapes .
not all crosses are gray .
at most a third of the shapes are gray shapes .
less than two thirds of the shapes are yellow pentagons .

at least a third of the red shapes are semicircles .
not a third of the shapes are red crosses .
at least a third of the crosses are red shapes .
less than all red shapes are ellipses .
more than half the ellipses are red shapes .

more than a third of the crosses are red shapes .
exactly no shape is a semicircle .
exactly all yellow shapes are semicircles .
at most two thirds of the shapes are red crosses .
at least two thirds of the shapes are yellow shapes .

not half the shapes are yellow shapes .
more than a third of the squares are gray shapes .
at least two thirds of the shapes are yellow crosses .
more than no shape is a gray rectangle .
exactly no shape is a rectangle .

at most a quarter of the shapes are cyan rectangles .
at least three quarters of the magenta shapes are squares .
more than half the magenta shapes are crosses .
at most two thirds of the shapes are squares .
exactly half the blue shapes are triangles .

at most a third of the squares are green shapes .
not two thirds of the squares are gray shapes .
at least a third of the squares are red shapes .
less than half the shapes are squares .
at most two thirds of the rectangles are gray shapes .

at most all shapes are yellow semicircles .
not two thirds of the shapes are red shapes .
more than a quarter of the shapes are gray shapes .
not two thirds of the semicircles are red shapes .
at most a quarter of the shapes are yellow shapes .

more than three quarters of the blue shapes are squares .
more than two thirds of the shapes are squares .
at least two thirds of the shapes are green shapes .
more than a third of the squares are green shapes .
less than a quarter of the shapes are squares .

at most a quarter of the shapes are magenta shapes .
at most three quarters of the shapes are rectangles .
at least a quarter of the shapes are gray shapes .
exactly a third of the blue shapes are squares .
at least half the shapes are cyan squares .

not a quarter of the magenta shapes are pentagons .
not a third of the shapes are crosses .
at least no shape is a magenta circle .
more than a third of the magenta shapes are circles .
not a quarter of the shapes are red shapes .

less than two thirds of the rectangles are magenta shapes .
not a quarter of the shapes are magenta crosses .
at most three quarters of the circles are cyan shapes .
at most a quarter of the shapes are circles .
at least a quarter of the ellipses are cyan shapes .

exactly a quarter of the shapes are cyan shapes .
less than a quarter of the crosses are blue shapes .
at most two thirds of the shapes are gray triangles .
at least a third of the red shapes are rectangles .
at least two thirds of the shapes are cyan rectangles .

at least a third of the shapes are cyan circles .
less than a third of the shapes are circles .
at least a third of the green shapes are rectangles .
less than a quarter of the green shapes are triangles .
at most three quarters of the triangles are green shapes .

at least three quarters of the blue shapes are pentagons .
at least a third of the shapes are pentagons .
not no shape is a square .
at most all gray shapes are pentagons .
not three quarters of the shapes are blue pentagons .

at most two thirds of the green shapes are squares .
at most two thirds of the gray shapes are semicircles .
not a third of the shapes are green shapes .
more than a third of the shapes are green shapes .
at most half the shapes are squares .

more than half the shapes are gray shapes .
not half the shapes are blue squares .
less than a third of the semicircles are blue shapes .
not half the shapes are gray shapes .
at most a quarter of the shapes are squares .

not a quarter of the cyan shapes are pentagons .
at most a third of the shapes are rectangles .
at least a quarter of the cyan shapes are crosses .
exactly half the shapes are cyan shapes .
at least two thirds of the rectangles are green shapes .

less than a quarter of the shapes are crosses .
less than all shapes are ellipses .
at least a quarter of the shapes are squares .
not no shape is a cyan circle .
at most three quarters of the shapes are cyan shapes .

exactly half the magenta shapes are circles .
not two thirds of the magenta shapes are circles .
not half the shapes are magenta squares .
at most three quarters of the shapes are red circles .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are green shapes .

not half the green shapes are triangles .
at most a quarter of the shapes are pentagons .
at most all shapes are red .
exactly all shapes are gray pentagons .
at most a quarter of the shapes are gray rectangles .

at least two thirds of the green shapes are triangles .
at most half the green shapes are triangles .
at least a third of the rectangles are green shapes .
not three quarters of the shapes are rectangles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are green triangles .

exactly two thirds of the shapes are ellipses .
at least two thirds of the red shapes are ellipses .
exactly all red shapes are ellipses .
at most a quarter of the shapes are gray shapes .
more than a third of the shapes are crosses .

more than half the shapes are cyan circles .
more than half the shapes are circles .
exactly half the shapes are circles .
at least a quarter of the semicircles are red shapes .
at least no shape is a cyan circle .

more than half the shapes are green shapes .
not two thirds of the shapes are blue shapes .
not no cross is blue .
more than a third of the shapes are red shapes .
less than half the circles are red shapes .

at most all shapes are yellow ellipses .
exactly all green shapes are pentagons .
more than a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
more than three quarters of the shapes are gray shapes .
less than three quarters of the yellow shapes are squares .

exactly half the shapes are yellow rectangles .
at least a third of the shapes are rectangles .
at least a quarter of the shapes are triangles .
exactly all shapes are yellow rectangles .
more than a third of the shapes are gray rectangles .

at most half the green shapes are rectangles .
less than two thirds of the green shapes are rectangles .
less than three quarters of the shapes are blue rectangles .
not a third of the shapes are green shapes .
less than a quarter of the shapes are rectangles .

more than half the shapes are green rectangles .
not no shape is green .
at least a third of the shapes are cyan pentagons .
at most a quarter of the shapes are cyan pentagons .
less than two thirds of the shapes are rectangles .

at most all shapes are blue semicircles .
exactly no shape is a magenta pentagon .
at most a quarter of the shapes are magenta shapes .
not all semicircles are gray .
at most a quarter of the shapes are magenta ellipses .

less than half the shapes are gray circles .
at least half the pentagons are cyan shapes .
at most half the shapes are ellipses .
more than a quarter of the shapes are gray triangles .
not half the shapes are circles .

less than a third of the rectangles are green shapes .
less than all circles are gray .
not a third of the shapes are green circles .
not all magenta shapes are triangles .
at most three quarters of the green shapes are triangles .

at least half the shapes are green shapes .
exactly a third of the squares are magenta shapes .
not two thirds of the squares are gray shapes .
less than a quarter of the shapes are magenta squares .
at most three quarters of the shapes are gray squares .

at most three quarters of the pentagons are yellow shapes .
less than a third of the shapes are triangles .
exactly no shape is a magenta semicircle .
more than no yellow shape is a triangle .
exactly a quarter of the crosses are cyan shapes .

less than a quarter of the shapes are magenta ellipses .
more than two thirds of the circles are cyan shapes .
more than no magenta shape is an ellipse .
exactly no shape is a red pentagon .
at least half the shapes are ellipses .

exactly no shape is a yellow rectangle .
exactly no green shape is a cross .
not no pentagon is red .
less than all green shapes are crosses .
more than a third of the green shapes are rectangles .

at most a quarter of the shapes are pentagons .
at least a quarter of the rectangles are magenta shapes .
at most two thirds of the pentagons are blue shapes .
at least no shape is a yellow rectangle .
at most three quarters of the rectangles are magenta shapes .

exactly three quarters of the shapes are magenta circles .
at least half the cyan shapes are circles .
at most two thirds of the shapes are gray squares .
less than two thirds of the gray shapes are pentagons .
not a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .

more than a third of the semicircles are green shapes .
at most a quarter of the gray shapes are ellipses .
not all circles are magenta .
not two thirds of the gray shapes are circles .
exactly three quarters of the circles are gray shapes .

at least a third of the shapes are red rectangles .
less than a quarter of the shapes are squares .
not a quarter of the shapes are rectangles .
more than a third of the crosses are yellow shapes .
less than a third of the shapes are red rectangles .

exactly all shapes are blue .
more than a quarter of the shapes are circles .
at most a quarter of the shapes are circles .
at least a third of the shapes are cyan circles .
not no cyan shape is a circle .

exactly a third of the yellow shapes are semicircles .
more than half the shapes are rectangles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
at most all blue shapes are circles .
more than a third of the shapes are rectangles .

more than two thirds of the green shapes are ellipses .
at least a quarter of the shapes are green shapes .
more than a third of the ellipses are green shapes .
not no ellipse is yellow .
less than two thirds of the shapes are yellow semicircles .

exactly half the shapes are magenta shapes .
more than half the red shapes are crosses .
less than all shapes are green .
exactly no shape is a cyan semicircle .
exactly half the shapes are green ellipses .

at least three quarters of the shapes are green shapes .
at most two thirds of the shapes are green crosses .
not no shape is a pentagon .
not a third of the rectangles are blue shapes .
more than a quarter of the shapes are blue shapes .

exactly all shapes are squares .
not no gray shape is a cross .
less than two thirds of the shapes are gray ellipses .
at most a quarter of the pentagons are gray shapes .
less than three quarters of the pentagons are gray shapes .

more than a quarter of the shapes are red triangles .
at most two thirds of the red shapes are triangles .
at most a third of the shapes are triangles .
not a quarter of the red shapes are triangles .
at least three quarters of the shapes are squares .

less than a third of the squares are green shapes .
not no triangle is green .
at least two thirds of the blue shapes are triangles .
exactly a third of the shapes are green shapes .
at most three quarters of the shapes are magenta semicircles .

exactly all blue shapes are semicircles .
at least a third of the shapes are cyan shapes .
less than a quarter of the semicircles are magenta shapes .
at most half the circles are cyan shapes .
at most a quarter of the circles are blue shapes .

exactly a quarter of the shapes are gray shapes .
not two thirds of the shapes are gray triangles .
less than two thirds of the pentagons are magenta shapes .
not half the shapes are cyan triangles .
at least a third of the shapes are ellipses .

exactly three quarters of the triangles are cyan shapes .
at most a quarter of the shapes are cyan triangles .
more than half the cyan shapes are squares .
exactly no shape is a green semicircle .
exactly no shape is a cyan triangle .

exactly a quarter of the shapes are blue shapes .
less than all shapes are triangles .
exactly no magenta shape is a rectangle .
exactly three quarters of the semicircles are red shapes .
exactly all shapes are magenta rectangles .

exactly a third of the shapes are magenta shapes .
more than a quarter of the semicircles are magenta shapes .
more than three quarters of the shapes are semicircles .
less than all blue shapes are semicircles .
not two thirds of the magenta shapes are semicircles .

less than half the shapes are blue shapes .
at least half the blue shapes are triangles .
not a third of the shapes are blue triangles .
more than half the rectangles are green shapes .
more than three quarters of the squares are blue shapes .

exactly half the shapes are rectangles .
not a quarter of the shapes are magenta rectangles .
not two thirds of the blue shapes are crosses .
exactly a quarter of the rectangles are magenta shapes .
not half the magenta shapes are ellipses .

at most a quarter of the blue shapes are triangles .
at least half the ellipses are red shapes .
at most all shapes are triangles .
less than half the shapes are blue semicircles .
exactly half the shapes are blue crosses .

less than three quarters of the shapes are green shapes .
less than two thirds of the shapes are green shapes .
exactly a third of the semicircles are yellow shapes .
more than three quarters of the shapes are green shapes .
not half the shapes are green ellipses .

more than two thirds of the blue shapes are semicircles .
not a third of the shapes are yellow semicircles .
at least a quarter of the shapes are gray shapes .
more than three quarters of the shapes are yellow shapes .
at most a quarter of the shapes are semicircles .

at most a quarter of the pentagons are magenta shapes .
not a third of the red shapes are circles .
at most three quarters of the shapes are magenta pentagons .
more than a third of the shapes are magenta triangles .
at most a quarter of the red shapes are squares .

at least a quarter of the shapes are red shapes .
less than a quarter of the shapes are red circles .
at most all circles are red .
at most three quarters of the shapes are red triangles .
less than all shapes are yellow .

more than no shape is a blue semicircle .
at most a quarter of the shapes are blue semicircles .
at most a third of the shapes are cyan pentagons .
at most half the semicircles are blue shapes .
less than a third of the shapes are semicircles .

exactly two thirds of the green shapes are ellipses .
at least two thirds of the blue shapes are squares .
exactly a third of the pentagons are cyan shapes .
more than half the green shapes are ellipses .
more than a third of the green shapes are ellipses .

less than half the shapes are yellow rectangles .
more than half the red shapes are rectangles .
exactly no shape is a red ellipse .
at least no shape is yellow .
at most a third of the shapes are yellow rectangles .

at most half the shapes are crosses .
at least a quarter of the shapes are green rectangles .
at most three quarters of the shapes are rectangles .
less than a third of the shapes are cyan shapes .
exactly all shapes are green .

less than a quarter of the gray shapes are pentagons .
less than all shapes are gray .
at least half the shapes are red crosses .
at least three quarters of the ellipses are red shapes .
more than no shape is gray .

at least half the blue shapes are crosses .
not two thirds of the shapes are cyan shapes .
more than a third of the shapes are blue semicircles .
not three quarters of the green shapes are rectangles .
at most a quarter of the shapes are green shapes .

more than half the shapes are circles .
not a third of the shapes are cyan ellipses .
not a quarter of the circles are cyan shapes .
at most a third of the shapes are circles .
at least three quarters of the shapes are circles .

exactly all shapes are gray .
at least a quarter of the ellipses are gray shapes .
at most a third of the shapes are gray shapes .
at least a third of the rectangles are yellow shapes .
more than a quarter of the ellipses are yellow shapes .

at least three quarters of the shapes are yellow pentagons .
not three quarters of the rectangles are yellow shapes .
at least a quarter of the shapes are gray rectangles .
at least a third of the crosses are gray shapes .
at least a third of the shapes are magenta shapes .

not half the shapes are blue pentagons .
exactly no shape is a yellow cross .
at least a quarter of the shapes are blue pentagons .
less than a quarter of the shapes are blue pentagons .
at most two thirds of the shapes are blue ellipses .

less than two thirds of the ellipses are cyan shapes .
more than a quarter of the triangles are cyan shapes .
at least half the cyan shapes are triangles .
not two thirds of the semicircles are green shapes .
at most a third of the cyan shapes are pentagons .

more than two thirds of the shapes are pentagons .
exactly a third of the shapes are blue pentagons .
more than half the triangles are magenta shapes .
exactly all triangles are blue .
less than half the shapes are blue triangles .

not half the magenta shapes are triangles .
less than a quarter of the shapes are magenta shapes .
at least a quarter of the shapes are magenta pentagons .
at least three quarters of the red shapes are triangles .
less than two thirds of the shapes are ellipses .

less than a third of the shapes are green shapes .
at least two thirds of the blue shapes are circles .
not all circles are green .
at most half the shapes are green shapes .
not no shape is gray .

exactly all blue shapes are ellipses .
not all triangles are gray .
exactly all triangles are gray .
at least a quarter of the shapes are green rectangles .
not a third of the gray shapes are ellipses .

at least a third of the shapes are blue shapes .
exactly two thirds of the triangles are magenta shapes .
exactly all shapes are green rectangles .
at least three quarters of the triangles are cyan shapes .
less than a quarter of the shapes are cyan shapes .

at most a quarter of the shapes are green circles .
less than two thirds of the shapes are circles .
more than a third of the shapes are circles .
at most half the shapes are gray circles .
not no shape is a magenta circle .

at most a quarter of the shapes are triangles .
not a quarter of the yellow shapes are semicircles .
at most a third of the shapes are green shapes .
more than three quarters of the semicircles are yellow shapes .
exactly no shape is a red semicircle .

exactly three quarters of the gray shapes are crosses .
exactly all shapes are semicircles .
not all shapes are gray ellipses .
not a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
more than a third of the gray shapes are crosses .

at most a third of the pentagons are blue shapes .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
at least a third of the shapes are pentagons .
at least no shape is a blue ellipse .
at most half the shapes are blue shapes .

less than two thirds of the shapes are gray triangles .
exactly half the blue shapes are crosses .
less than half the squares are magenta shapes .
more than a quarter of the crosses are magenta shapes .
at least a third of the ellipses are gray shapes .

less than half the magenta shapes are triangles .
at most three quarters of the magenta shapes are triangles .
not a third of the triangles are magenta shapes .
not half the shapes are triangles .
at least a quarter of the shapes are magenta triangles .

more than two thirds of the circles are blue shapes .
not three quarters of the shapes are blue shapes .
not a third of the shapes are gray triangles .
less than a quarter of the shapes are squares .
not all shapes are gray .

more than half the shapes are yellow rectangles .
exactly a quarter of the shapes are yellow rectangles .
more than a quarter of the shapes are yellow squares .
at least no shape is a yellow rectangle .
at least a third of the shapes are rectangles .

more than two thirds of the shapes are green shapes .
less than a quarter of the circles are green shapes .
exactly all circles are green .
exactly three quarters of the circles are green shapes .
less than a quarter of the shapes are triangles .

less than all shapes are cyan squares .
exactly all squares are cyan .
more than half the shapes are squares .
exactly two thirds of the shapes are squares .
less than three quarters of the cyan shapes are semicircles .

at least two thirds of the shapes are gray shapes .
not half the pentagons are gray shapes .
not no shape is a circle .
less than three quarters of the shapes are red squares .
at most a third of the magenta shapes are ellipses .

exactly all shapes are pentagons .
exactly a third of the shapes are squares .
less than half the squares are magenta shapes .
exactly three quarters of the shapes are squares .
at least a quarter of the shapes are yellow squares .

at most three quarters of the shapes are gray semicircles .
at most half the shapes are yellow squares .
more than three quarters of the shapes are yellow shapes .
not no shape is a gray square .
not a third of the shapes are semicircles .

