exactly four red circles are red .
three blue triangles are blue .
a cyan rectangle is closer to a cyan rectangle than a rectangle .
exactly three yellow circles are to the left of a yellow circle .
two red ellipses are below an ellipse .
exactly two triangles are smaller than a magenta shape .
exactly three green crosses are farther from a red shape than a green semicircle .
the four white shapes are a triangle .
exactly three cyan ellipses are lighter than a cyan ellipse .
exactly two green ellipses are closer to a green shape than a green shape .
exactly one white shape is bigger than a blue circle .
two yellow triangles are lighter than a yellow shape .
the four green crosses are green .
exactly five crosses are closer to a red cross than a green cross .
the four cyan ellipses are below a pentagon .
exactly three yellow shapes are bigger than a yellow shape .
exactly one ellipse is lighter than an ellipse .
exactly four yellow triangles are white .
four magenta crosses are a cross .
both rectangles are cyan .
exactly five circles are smaller than a blue pentagon .
the three magenta squares are darker than a yellow cross .
five yellow shapes are above a yellow shape .
exactly two squares are to the right of a rectangle .
four red circles are closer to a circle than a red circle .
three triangles are above a white shape .
exactly four cyan shapes are a circle .
the four cyan shapes are smaller than a red cross .
five circles are to the left of a cyan circle .
five white shapes are closer to a white rectangle than a rectangle .
exactly four rectangles are darker than a yellow shape .
two red triangles are lighter than a white shape .
the five squares are magenta .
three crosses are above a cyan shape .
exactly one white cross is smaller than a cross .
exactly two green rectangles are above a green shape .
the four blue shapes are a semicircle .
exactly one blue rectangle is above a red triangle .
exactly five crosses are to the right of a yellow shape .
the four yellow semicircles are a blue semicircle .
exactly five magenta shapes are darker than a blue semicircle .
exactly three ellipses are darker than an ellipse .
exactly one blue semicircle is darker than a blue semicircle .
exactly five green shapes are a semicircle .
the white triangle is to the left of a red shape .
exactly four red shapes are to the left of a blue shape .
the five red shapes are lighter than a circle .
the cyan pentagon is a magenta rectangle .
the three yellow semicircles are yellow .
exactly one pentagon is red .
exactly one yellow ellipse is darker than a cross .
five green circles are a circle .
exactly five cyan triangles are cyan .
the three blue squares are a square .
exactly four cyan shapes are below a cyan shape .
both circles are cyan .
the four squares are white .
exactly four squares are bigger than a pentagon .
exactly four cyan triangles are cyan .
exactly four green crosses are a cross .
exactly five squares are smaller than a white square .
exactly two green rectangles are below a green rectangle .
the three green rectangles are green .
three green pentagons are lighter than a green pentagon .
two triangles are blue .
both green semicircles are blue .
both ellipses are green .
five green rectangles are darker than a green rectangle .
both blue squares are a blue ellipse .
two blue semicircles are closer to a blue semicircle than a blue semicircle .
exactly two yellow shapes are bigger than a yellow shape .
two rectangles are white .
both triangles are blue .
exactly one blue shape is to the right of a blue pentagon .
a cross is lighter than a blue cross .
exactly one cyan square is lighter than a cyan square .
exactly one cyan square is lighter than a cyan square .
the four white shapes are red .
the four green shapes are to the right of a blue shape .
exactly five red rectangles are a blue pentagon .
exactly three pentagons are above a white pentagon .
the five green pentagons are smaller than a square .
exactly one blue triangle is farther from a red circle than a red semicircle .
exactly five magenta shapes are smaller than a square .
exactly three ellipses are farther from a blue semicircle than a blue ellipse .
three blue squares are smaller than a blue square .
exactly two crosses are to the left of a green shape .
exactly one yellow shape is smaller than a yellow square .
exactly two magenta ellipses are darker than a yellow ellipse .
both yellow rectangles are to the left of a white square .
both circles are a triangle .
three rectangles are closer to a yellow shape than a yellow rectangle .
exactly one green semicircle is a cyan cross .
three cyan shapes are a triangle .
two circles are lighter than a yellow square .
five blue pentagons are blue .
the four red semicircles are red .
exactly one blue rectangle is farther from a blue rectangle than a blue rectangle .
four crosses are darker than a magenta cross .
exactly five semicircles are magenta .
