most of the eight shapes are farther from a cyan shape than a semicircle .
all crosses are smaller than a green cross .
half the eight gray shapes are lighter than a pentagon .
all cyan shapes are below a yellow triangle .
a few of the five gray shapes are pentagons .
a third of the three triangles is to the left of a cyan square .
none of the four squares is below a cross .
all of the two yellow shapes are in front of a square .
none of the five shapes is above a pentagon .
most magenta shapes are to the right of a circle .
most of the five shapes are magenta triangles .
a few of the four circles are below a square .
three quarters of the six shapes are pentagons .
most of the five shapes are lighter than a cross .
two thirds of the shapes are bigger than a magenta shape .
none of the three gray shapes is behind a blue semicircle .
none of the five pentagons is blue .
half the four circles are yellow .
a quarter of the four yellow shapes is a semicircle .
none of the four pentagons is blue .
two thirds of the three ellipses are farther from a square than a magenta ellipse .
most of the three shapes are farther from a gray semicircle than a yellow semicircle .
a few of the three blue shapes are semicircles .
all of the three circles are bigger than a yellow shape .
a third of the gray shapes is a gray triangle .
all of the eight shapes are cyan .
half the six semicircles are gray semicircles .
a few of the seven shapes are to the left of a square .
no magenta shape is farther from an ellipse than a rectangle .
all crosses are bigger than a blue shape .
a third of the seven green shapes is in front of a semicircle .
all of the four blue shapes are to the left of a rectangle .
no green shape is a square .
most magenta shapes are above a gray square .
half the six ellipses are farther from a circle than an ellipse .
a few yellow shapes are farther from a triangle than a red cross .
all triangles are above a gray shape .
none of the five shapes is a rectangle .
a quarter of the four yellow shapes is an ellipse .
a quarter of the eight shapes is a magenta pentagon .
half the two magenta shapes are below a gray shape .
half the five shapes are red pentagons .
most circles are bigger than a cyan circle .
most circles are red .
a few of the seven shapes are bigger than a square .
three quarters of the yellow shapes are farther from a green shape than a yellow pentagon .
none of the eight shapes is a pentagon .
half the shapes are magenta .
none of the eight shapes is behind a gray semicircle .
all cyan shapes are to the right of a blue circle .
a few yellow shapes are to the left of a pentagon .
a few ellipses are below a yellow ellipse .
none of the five shapes is a semicircle .
a quarter of the blue shapes is above a magenta shape .
a few of the five semicircles are smaller than a red semicircle .
a third of the blue shapes is a rectangle .
no yellow shape is to the left of a yellow shape .
three quarters of the four rectangles are red .
none of the four gray shapes is in front of a yellow ellipse .
half the triangles are in front of a green triangle .
most crosses are lighter than a blue shape .
a few red shapes are closer to a cyan triangle than a triangle .
a third of the three crosses is blue .
a third of the two gray shapes is below a cyan shape .
a third of the seven crosses is a yellow cross .
a quarter of the eight shapes is a pentagon .
three quarters of the triangles are closer to a yellow shape than a triangle .
a few blue shapes are smaller than a cyan ellipse .
a few circles are behind a semicircle .
no shape is a gray triangle .
most of the three magenta shapes are in front of a blue square .
all ellipses are lighter than a cyan shape .
most of the five red shapes are ellipses .
none of the six shapes is a circle .
no pentagon is lighter than a triangle .
half the red shapes are to the left of a rectangle .
all blue shapes are below a yellow shape .
no red shape is to the left of a red cross .
all of the five cyan shapes are smaller than a rectangle .
most gray shapes are to the right of a pentagon .
half the three crosses are red .
none of the four yellow shapes is to the right of an ellipse .
half the two pentagons are above a square .
none of the five rectangles is above a gray semicircle .
a quarter of the five magenta shapes is below a blue square .
two thirds of the six gray shapes are triangles .
half the shapes are farther from a blue square than a red rectangle .
a few of the eight shapes are to the right of an ellipse .
half the gray shapes are to the left of a gray shape .
two thirds of the three red shapes are smaller than a red circle .
three quarters of the four green shapes are farther from a magenta pentagon than a pentagon .
a few of the four crosses are smaller than a blue cross .
a third of the two red shapes is darker than a red square .
no ellipse is above a green circle .
none of the five shapes is in front of a magenta triangle .
a few of the four magenta shapes are to the right of a triangle .
none of the three rectangles is closer to a yellow rectangle than a blue shape .
no blue shape is smaller than a green rectangle .
a few of the eight triangles are below a green square .
a quarter of the circles is to the left of a yellow shape .
