if a rectangle is the same color as a red rectangle there is a cross .
if more than one rectangle is a red shape there is a red ellipse .
the left red shape is a rectangle or the left rectangle is a cyan shape .
the red shape closer to the ellipse is an ellipse or there is a semicircle .
the lowermost rectangle is a red shape and there is a blue rectangle .

less than a third of the shapes are blue shapes if and only if a cyan shape is bigger than a gray pentagon .
a shape is a square if and only if the uppermost blue shape is a pentagon .
if the smallest blue shape is a pentagon a yellow shape is to the right of a cross .
a shape is a gray ellipse if and only if there is a green pentagon .
a pentagon is behind a pentagon or a blue ellipse is behind a green pentagon .

a semicircle is a different color from a blue shape and there is a gray pentagon .
the smallest cyan shape is a semicircle and exactly two semicircles are cyan shapes .
if exactly all magenta shapes are semicircles a semicircle is the same color as a red circle .
a cyan circle is behind a yellow shape or not half the shapes are magenta semicircles .
a cross is a different color from a red shape if and only if not three shapes are crosses .

the lowermost pentagon is a blue shape and a red shape is to the left of a red rectangle .
less than all rectangles are red shapes if and only if a pentagon is a red shape .
if the left pentagon is a blue shape a red shape is the same shape as a cyan semicircle .
there is a blue ellipse if more than one shape is a triangle .
exactly half the red shapes are rectangles and less than five pentagons are blue shapes .

if a gray square is behind a cyan ellipse a yellow cross is farther from a triangle than the blue shape .
there is a rectangle if and only if the darker square is a magenta shape .
exactly four ellipses are yellow shapes if and only if there is a green rectangle .
the cross farthest from the semicircle is a cyan shape if more than two thirds of the semicircles are green shapes .
the left yellow shape is an ellipse if and only if a shape is a magenta ellipse .

a shape is a triangle and a yellow circle is the same color as a circle .
a circle is to the right of a gray rectangle or the rightmost red shape is an ellipse .
a gray semicircle is a different color from a semicircle or a shape is a red shape .
a gray shape is to the right of a gray circle and a shape is a red semicircle .
if a magenta shape is to the left of a red ellipse the darker cross is a green shape .

there is a triangle and a shape is a blue triangle .
at least a quarter of the triangles are magenta shapes if there is a cross .
there is a yellow shape and a triangle is a magenta shape .
if less than a third of the shapes are triangles there is a triangle .
a magenta shape is the same shape as a magenta triangle and a red triangle is to the left of a blue triangle .

a rectangle is a different color from a magenta cross if and only if exactly three quarters of the magenta shapes are crosses .
if there is a yellow rectangle a shape is a cross .
less than three shapes are circles or an ellipse is behind a magenta cross .
if an ellipse is darker than a magenta cross a gray shape is bigger than a yellow shape .
if an ellipse is the same color as a magenta cross a circle is to the left of a red square .

the biggest blue shape is a circle or a shape is a yellow triangle .
there is a magenta triangle and more than a quarter of the shapes are crosses .
a square is in front of a yellow shape or there is a cyan square .
a yellow shape is a pentagon and the leftmost pentagon is a magenta shape .
a shape is a cyan rectangle and a blue circle is to the right of a magenta shape .

the lightest green shape is a semicircle or a magenta shape is bigger than a cross .
there is a cross or the darkest cross is a magenta shape .
there is an ellipse if a green shape is the same shape as a magenta cross .
there is a cyan cross if and only if a magenta shape is a cross .
there is a yellow shape if and only if there is a green cross .

there is a cyan shape or the darkest rectangle is a green shape .
there is a red cross or a gray shape is to the left of a red shape .
a green shape is smaller than a red cross and a shape is a red rectangle .
a cross is in front of a gray shape or exactly two thirds of the shapes are crosses .
if a shape is a red cross a red rectangle is below a gray cross .

an ellipse is the same color as a cyan shape and the darker cyan shape is a triangle .
there is a red shape if and only if a yellow ellipse is the same color as a triangle .
an ellipse is a magenta shape and a shape is an ellipse .
a triangle is a green shape if and only if a cyan triangle is to the left of a cyan shape .
there is a gray ellipse or the smallest cyan shape is a triangle .

either a rectangle is a different color from a green shape or exactly one shape is a rectangle .
less than three quarters of the gray shapes are rectangles or a gray shape is bigger than a rectangle .
more than two thirds of the shapes are yellow shapes or a rectangle is a gray shape .
exactly no rectangle is a gray shape or a yellow shape is smaller than a gray rectangle .
there is a gray semicircle if and only if at least half the shapes are semicircles .

the bigger blue shape is a square or a green shape is smaller than a blue pentagon .
a red pentagon is above a square or a red shape is a pentagon .
there is a blue pentagon if and only if a green shape is a square .
there is a blue pentagon and a pentagon is a blue shape .
more than five shapes are red pentagons if and only if a green pentagon is to the right of a blue pentagon .

the lightest cyan shape is a cross if and only if less than all shapes are gray shapes .
at least three quarters of the circles are gray shapes or a red circle is farther from a yellow triangle than the green ellipse .
the right red shape is a circle or there is a red rectangle .
a cross is a red shape or a blue shape is the same shape as a circle .
a triangle is a different color from a gray circle if and only if there is a blue pentagon .

at least zero crosses are blue shapes and a blue shape is darker than a square .
if the leftmost cross is a blue shape a blue rectangle is lighter than a blue shape .
if a cross is closer to a blue circle than the cyan shape a shape is a gray shape .
less than a third of the blue shapes are squares if a red shape is farther from a square than the red square .
if at most half the shapes are blue shapes a red shape is bigger than a pentagon .

a shape is a gray shape if and only if the leftmost circle is a magenta shape .
a shape is an ellipse if and only if the upper pentagon is a red shape .
a semicircle is darker than an ellipse if the square farther from the rectangle is a magenta shape .
the ellipse closest to the blue rectangle is a blue shape if an ellipse is a green shape .
the cross farther from the magenta shape is a yellow shape and the smaller circle is a blue shape .

if a square is a cyan shape a rectangle is in front of a gray square .
there is a cyan square if a green shape is a different color from a gray square .
a magenta rectangle is in front of a gray shape if and only if a gray shape is a square .
a gray shape is bigger than a cyan square and at most a third of the shapes is rectangles .
there is a green rectangle or a shape is a magenta square .

exactly five shapes are triangles or exactly no shape is a triangle .
a shape is a triangle or the upper magenta shape is a triangle .
there is a gray triangle if and only if a shape is a magenta triangle .
less than one shape is a yellow shape if and only if a magenta shape is to the right of a yellow triangle .
a magenta triangle is the same shape as a magenta shape and a yellow shape is bigger than a magenta shape .

a triangle is to the left of a green shape and there is a gray pentagon .
if a red shape is the same shape as a yellow triangle a triangle is above a blue pentagon .
the upper circle is a green shape or less than one shape is a green shape .
a square is the same color as a yellow ellipse and the right cyan shape is a circle .
there is a gray ellipse or the uppermost circle is a red shape .

if a shape is a gray triangle a shape is a red rectangle .
not five shapes are magenta squares and a green shape is bigger than a circle .
there is a red semicircle if there is a circle .
there is a red circle if a red shape is bigger than a circle .
a triangle is a gray shape and there is a red circle .

a red shape is smaller than a triangle if and only if the blue left shape is a circle .
the triangle closest to the ellipse is a green shape if there is a triangle .
a red triangle is lighter than a red triangle and there is a circle .
there is a gray circle or the lighter green shape is a pentagon .
a green triangle is farther from a blue triangle than the gray circle or the smallest triangle is a green shape .

if exactly one cyan shape is a pentagon exactly a quarter of the shapes are gray circles .
a shape is a blue shape or a triangle is a blue shape .
there is a magenta rectangle or more than no blue shape is a rectangle .
less than two shapes are yellow shapes if a yellow shape is a triangle .
a cyan shape is to the left of a red triangle if and only if the darker rectangle is a blue shape .

if less than three quarters of the ellipses are gray shapes a rectangle is darker than a cross .
the rightmost yellow shape is a square and the right square is a yellow shape .
a cross is bigger than a yellow shape if and only if at most four shapes are crosses .
a yellow shape is a cross if and only if a red rectangle is closer to a cross than the magenta rectangle .
there is a cross and a shape is a gray cross .

exactly zero shapes are circles if and only if a blue shape is smaller than a circle .
less than one shape is a blue square and at most two shapes are cyan triangles .
a circle is farther from a blue shape than the red shape and a circle is a different color from a red shape .
if a circle is a blue shape exactly zero shapes are cyan circles .
the uppermost blue shape is a square and there is a cyan square .

the gray shape farthest from the magenta circle is a square if and only if the darkest square is a green shape .
more than zero gray shapes are squares if and only if the lowermost square is a yellow shape .
a red shape is a circle or there is a blue square .
there is a green semicircle or a pentagon is to the right of a gray square .
the square closer to the blue circle is a gray shape if a shape is a blue rectangle .

a magenta rectangle is bigger than a magenta rectangle and a shape is a square .
a magenta shape is a rectangle and a shape is a magenta rectangle .
the darker rectangle is a magenta shape and there is a rectangle .
at least three quarters of the shapes are magenta rectangles if and only if not four shapes are magenta shapes .
there is a magenta shape and a rectangle is smaller than a magenta shape .

a yellow shape is a different shape from a gray pentagon if and only if a green shape is below a pentagon .
there is a gray triangle and there is a triangle .
there is a green shape if and only if a shape is a gray triangle .
a gray pentagon is bigger than a gray pentagon and not half the shapes are gray pentagons .
the closest pentagon to the gray triangle is a gray shape or a pentagon is the same color as a pentagon .

a circle is a different color from a magenta rectangle and the pentagon closer to the red triangle is a cyan shape .
if a pentagon is the same shape as a green shape a pentagon is a red shape .
at least two magenta shapes are semicircles or a semicircle is a cyan shape .
a semicircle is in front of a cyan shape or the yellow shape closer to the magenta semicircle is a semicircle .
if more than five shapes are blue circles a magenta rectangle is the same color as a semicircle .

a shape is a magenta ellipse and a shape is an ellipse .
there is a green rectangle or a cyan shape is closer to a green square than the gray square .
the lowermost blue shape is a semicircle if and only if there is a gray square .
not no blue shape is a triangle or a green shape is closer to a gray ellipse than the pentagon .
a gray shape is below a blue shape and the uppermost triangle is a magenta shape .

at least half the crosses are green shapes if the lighter green shape is a rectangle .
a semicircle is a yellow shape or the uppermost cross is a yellow shape .
a circle is a different shape from a yellow shape if and only if the biggest gray shape is a pentagon .
if a cross is a red shape an ellipse is a different color from a gray pentagon .
if a shape is a red shape a yellow cross is the same shape as a gray shape .

a rectangle is a different color from a green shape if and only if a cyan shape is lighter than a green triangle .
there is a green rectangle or less than a quarter of the triangles are blue shapes .
a triangle is to the left of a green cross if and only if less than two shapes are pentagons .
at most two shapes are rectangles and a red shape is a square .
the gray shape farthest from the blue ellipse is a square and a shape is a green circle .

a magenta shape is farther from a red triangle than the blue cross or the blue shape farther from the yellow shape is a cross .
exactly one shape is a magenta shape if and only if a blue shape is closer to a blue cross than the triangle .
a green square is behind a cyan semicircle and there is a red triangle .
a cyan shape is a different shape from a blue pentagon if and only if the lighter square is a red shape .
exactly four shapes are cyan shapes if and only if a red ellipse is farther from a pentagon than the cyan semicircle .

more than three quarters of the magenta shapes are semicircles and the lower magenta shape is an ellipse .
a shape is a semicircle or at least half the shapes are green ellipses .
the right magenta shape is a semicircle or the rightmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
a cyan semicircle is a different shape from a green shape if and only if a semicircle is a cyan shape .
a yellow semicircle is behind a cyan semicircle if and only if a shape is an ellipse .

a green cross is in front of a green shape and there is a red cross .
at least one shape is a green cross if and only if a green shape is to the right of a red cross .
at most one shape is a red shape and a cross is the same color as a green pentagon .
exactly five pentagons are red shapes or a gray shape is below a green shape .
the lower pentagon is a cyan shape if and only if exactly zero red shapes are semicircles .

a magenta shape is bigger than a magenta square if and only if the smaller square is a magenta shape .
a green rectangle is below a magenta shape and a cross is a different color from a red rectangle .
the smallest magenta shape is a square and a rectangle is lighter than a gray rectangle .
if exactly two shapes are triangles the rightmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
a red rectangle is behind a gray square or a yellow semicircle is below a magenta rectangle .

if a blue semicircle is the same color as a pentagon a magenta shape is a different shape from a green triangle .
a shape is a cyan semicircle and a yellow pentagon is behind a cyan shape .
a cyan shape is a semicircle if and only if a shape is a cyan pentagon .
a shape is a blue semicircle if and only if a cyan semicircle is to the right of a magenta shape .
a cyan ellipse is closer to a blue rectangle than the blue semicircle if and only if a triangle is behind a pentagon .

the left square is a gray shape or a cyan shape is bigger than a blue shape .
a cyan shape is above a blue circle and there is an ellipse .
the biggest blue shape is a square if there is a cross .
at least zero shapes are blue triangles and a blue triangle is darker than a circle .
exactly two shapes are green shapes and a red cross is above a green rectangle .

a circle is a different color from a magenta rectangle if and only if a pentagon is to the right of a rectangle .
a magenta shape is the same shape as a yellow rectangle and a rectangle is a different color from a magenta triangle .
if a yellow rectangle is darker than an ellipse a shape is a red ellipse .
a cyan shape is below a magenta triangle and a shape is a cyan triangle .
not zero shapes are cyan pentagons if and only if the uppermost yellow shape is a rectangle .

a pentagon is the same color as a green ellipse if and only if a yellow shape is above a blue semicircle .
a green shape is smaller than a gray pentagon and a pentagon is the same shape as a gray shape .
a yellow cross is closer to a green cross than the blue shape and a green pentagon is farther from a cross than the semicircle .
if at least a quarter of the green shapes are ellipses there is a red shape .
if a gray shape is bigger than a pentagon a gray semicircle is below a green ellipse .

more than three shapes are green rectangles if and only if a square is darker than a cyan pentagon .
a shape is a cyan pentagon if and only if the smallest semicircle is a magenta shape .
there is a green semicircle if and only if exactly three quarters of the shapes are cyan pentagons .
a gray shape is bigger than a magenta semicircle if and only if the green left shape is a rectangle .
if a cyan pentagon is farther from a green pentagon than the yellow shape the smallest square is a cyan shape .

a red shape is to the left of a red semicircle or a shape is a triangle .
at most two shapes are blue squares if and only if a magenta shape is bigger than a red square .
a cross is the same color as a blue square if a red shape is a square .
if the blue shape farther from the magenta shape is a square there is a rectangle .
a blue square is closer to a red square than the magenta shape and at most one blue shape is a square .

if a cyan shape is to the right of a rectangle there is a gray cross .
if at least three shapes are gray squares at least one gray shape is a square .
a shape is a yellow cross if and only if the lighter blue shape is a cross .
the lighter square is a gray shape or less than four shapes are gray squares .
a square is a gray shape or a blue rectangle is closer to a green square than the blue cross .

not one shape is a magenta shape if the lowermost red shape is a semicircle .
there is a triangle or more than two yellow shapes are triangles .
a magenta semicircle is closer to a red rectangle than the cross if and only if a magenta shape is a different shape from a semicircle .
a yellow shape is bigger than a cyan semicircle if and only if a cross is to the right of a cyan triangle .
less than a third of the shapes are gray shapes and a yellow triangle is behind a gray shape .

there is a square or a red shape is a different shape from a red rectangle .
there is a red shape and a red shape is a square .
at most two shapes are red squares if and only if a triangle is to the right of a cross .
a pentagon is a green shape and there is a red cross .
the rightmost square is a gray shape if and only if less than a third of the cyan shapes are crosses .

a pentagon is behind a red shape if a blue shape is a pentagon .
a shape is a gray semicircle if the gray left shape is a semicircle .
at least a third of the shapes are semicircles if and only if a gray semicircle is the same shape as a magenta shape .
there is a gray ellipse and the rightmost magenta shape is a triangle .
a shape is a magenta semicircle or a pentagon is a different color from a triangle .

there is a magenta shape or more than three quarters of the shapes are red rectangles .
the leftmost cross is a red shape and the darker pentagon is a cyan shape .
a cyan pentagon is lighter than a cyan pentagon if and only if the square farther from the semicircle is a red shape .
the smallest square is a green shape or a square is above a blue semicircle .
a cyan shape is a different color from a cross and exactly one shape is a cyan ellipse .

a red shape is bigger than a gray square if and only if a red shape is a square .
if a red square is closer to a red shape than the yellow shape an ellipse is a different color from a gray square .
more than five shapes are ellipses or there is a green square .
if a red ellipse is to the right of a square there is a red shape .
there is a gray shape if and only if a circle is behind an ellipse .

a shape is a magenta shape if there is a semicircle .
a shape is a magenta semicircle and there is a rectangle .
the lowermost semicircle is a yellow shape and less than two shapes are gray semicircles .
there is a gray shape if and only if a shape is a yellow ellipse .
a green shape is a cross or a green shape is a different color from a yellow semicircle .

at most a third of the circles are magenta shapes or a red shape is farther from a magenta shape than the blue shape .
there is a magenta shape if and only if a rectangle is farther from a green shape than the magenta cross .
an ellipse is a different color from a magenta square and a shape is a magenta rectangle .
not three quarters of the shapes are magenta squares or a circle is the same shape as a magenta shape .
a cyan circle is behind a magenta shape and a green shape is a rectangle .

more than half the shapes are cyan squares and the cyan shape farther from the gray ellipse is a square .
if a square is the same color as a cyan shape a shape is a gray ellipse .
a square is to the left of a cyan shape if and only if at most five shapes are gray shapes .
a square is above a gray shape and there is a gray shape .
the leftmost gray shape is an ellipse if and only if a square is above a cyan square .

if a gray circle is below a magenta circle more than three shapes are gray circles .
an ellipse is a cyan shape if and only if there is a gray shape .
a shape is an ellipse or a gray circle is to the left of a semicircle .
there is a gray cross or the leftmost semicircle is a magenta shape .
more than a quarter of the cyan shapes are circles if and only if a shape is a cyan semicircle .

a cyan semicircle is darker than a cyan semicircle if and only if an ellipse is the same color as a cyan semicircle .
a blue shape is bigger than a cyan ellipse or a shape is a semicircle .
an ellipse is a blue shape if and only if an ellipse is a different color from a cyan shape .
a shape is a green pentagon and a blue shape is bigger than a cyan ellipse .
not three quarters of the shapes are yellow pentagons and less than half the shapes are magenta circles .

a red shape is bigger than a blue ellipse if and only if a triangle is a different color from a cyan ellipse .
there is a gray triangle if and only if a blue shape is above a blue shape .
a magenta triangle is closer to a gray shape than the pentagon and at most five gray shapes are triangles .
the left triangle is a red shape if and only if an ellipse is a cyan shape .
a yellow semicircle is below a blue ellipse and a shape is a blue rectangle .

a shape is a yellow cross or less than two magenta shapes are squares .
if the pentagon farther from the blue semicircle is a gray shape the biggest gray shape is a semicircle .
at most all shapes are yellow crosses or a shape is a gray shape .
more than a quarter of the shapes are crosses and a cross is below a triangle .
a gray shape is to the right of a semicircle if and only if there is an ellipse .

an ellipse is below a triangle if and only if there is a circle .
a triangle is the same color as a blue rectangle if and only if the lowermost blue shape is an ellipse .
a shape is a green pentagon and there is a blue rectangle .
at most a quarter of the shapes are blue ellipses or a gray shape is an ellipse .
there is a blue rectangle if and only if at least a quarter of the shapes are triangles .

a gray shape is smaller than a gray shape if and only if the darker rectangle is a yellow shape .
a yellow shape is the same shape as a gray rectangle or a square is in front of a gray rectangle .
if there is a blue shape a magenta shape is a different color from a blue rectangle .
if a blue shape is above a cyan rectangle a cross is to the right of a blue shape .
if a gray shape is to the right of a blue shape a blue shape is a square .

more than zero shapes are cyan shapes if and only if not three cyan shapes are semicircles .
the cross closest to the pentagon is a red shape if and only if a cross is farther from a pentagon than the magenta shape .
there is a blue cross if and only if a magenta shape is a rectangle .
if a shape is a red pentagon a circle is a cyan shape .
there is a cyan semicircle and a blue shape is a pentagon .

if there is a yellow circle there is a circle .
there is a gray semicircle if and only if a shape is a yellow shape .
a circle is in front of a yellow semicircle or less than one shape is a cyan shape .
a circle is a yellow shape or a shape is a blue shape .
a circle is to the right of a gray shape if and only if a square is closer to a cyan circle than the yellow shape .

if the biggest magenta shape is a rectangle a cyan shape is bigger than a green pentagon .
a pentagon is lighter than a cyan circle or a green shape is smaller than a yellow rectangle .
a shape is a yellow square and a cyan rectangle is above a cyan circle .
if a magenta ellipse is darker than a square an ellipse is a different color from a gray triangle .
exactly a third of the shapes are cyan shapes and there is a magenta cross .

the darkest square is a gray shape and the gray shape closest to the cross is a pentagon .
the rightmost square is a red shape or not three shapes are blue crosses .
the lower square is a gray shape or a gray shape is the same color as a gray square .
a gray shape is farther from a square than the circle or the leftmost triangle is a blue shape .
a gray shape is lighter than a square if and only if a shape is a red square .

there is a green ellipse if and only if there is a triangle .
if there is a gray triangle a shape is a square .
the darkest circle is a blue shape if and only if a green triangle is the same shape as a gray shape .
a shape is a gray shape and there is a magenta shape .
if a gray shape is a circle a green shape is bigger than a green semicircle .

if not three quarters of the semicircles are green shapes the leftmost green shape is a triangle .
at most one shape is a blue pentagon if and only if the darkest green shape is a semicircle .
if a pentagon is the same color as a green semicircle a green shape is a circle .
if a yellow shape is to the left of a pentagon a cross is to the left of a yellow pentagon .
a yellow shape is smaller than a semicircle and a semicircle is the same color as a green semicircle .

the circle farther from the yellow rectangle is a red shape and the lightest ellipse is a blue shape .
at most three shapes are cyan shapes if there is a rectangle .
an ellipse is below a yellow rectangle and the left gray shape is a semicircle .
a shape is a square or the lower circle is a gray shape .
a red ellipse is to the left of a red ellipse or an ellipse is lighter than a red ellipse .

a cyan shape is the same shape as a red circle if and only if a cyan circle is below a cyan pentagon .
a cyan circle is lighter than a pentagon and not half the blue shapes are rectangles .
a cyan shape is below a red ellipse and a magenta shape is a circle .
a shape is a red pentagon if a red shape is a rectangle .
the biggest green shape is a rectangle if and only if not two thirds of the circles are cyan shapes .

a magenta square is a different color from a pentagon if and only if there is a magenta shape .
there is a blue circle if a shape is a circle .
more than two thirds of the shapes are magenta squares or a shape is a gray circle .
at least five shapes are magenta shapes if and only if a pentagon is above a cyan circle .
if a green shape is a different shape from a magenta square a shape is a magenta circle .

more than half the shapes are rectangles and a magenta rectangle is lighter than a magenta shape .
a yellow semicircle is to the right of a magenta triangle and the rectangle closest to the blue semicircle is a green shape .
if there is a red rectangle less than half the shapes are yellow semicircles .
there is a cyan triangle or a magenta rectangle is to the right of a yellow shape .
a shape is an ellipse if and only if less than three shapes are magenta rectangles .

if an ellipse is the same color as a magenta cross exactly a third of the shapes are yellow shapes .
there is a blue square or more than a third of the shapes is red shapes .
at least half the shapes are ellipses or the biggest gray shape is a square .
more than four shapes are semicircles and an ellipse is above a green ellipse .
a magenta shape is the same shape as a red ellipse if and only if a shape is a green ellipse .

less than one shape is a pentagon if and only if exactly two thirds of the shapes are squares .
a blue shape is a semicircle if and only if a blue pentagon is closer to a blue pentagon than the magenta semicircle .
the cyan shape closest to the square is a pentagon and there is a triangle .
if more than one shape is a yellow circle a rectangle is a yellow shape .
there is a green shape or a shape is a cyan square .

if a square is farther from a green shape than the blue shape there is a yellow shape .
if more than zero magenta shapes are ellipses a shape is a gray cross .
if a magenta shape is below a square a blue cross is behind a magenta shape .
not no blue shape is a cross if and only if a shape is a magenta square .
a gray ellipse is farther from a magenta shape than the cross and the uppermost green shape is a square .

less than five shapes are blue shapes or a shape is a red circle .
a shape is a cyan rectangle if and only if there is a blue ellipse .
the lowermost green shape is an ellipse and not four circles are blue shapes .
at least two thirds of the magenta shapes are ellipses if and only if a shape is a magenta circle .
at least two shapes are cyan shapes or a blue shape is below an ellipse .

if less than a quarter of the shapes are pentagons there is a gray semicircle .
if at most two shapes are circles the lowermost pentagon is a green shape .
a green shape is the same shape as a gray square if and only if less than two shapes are yellow circles .
there is a yellow cross if a circle is a blue shape .
there is a triangle or more than four shapes are crosses .

a gray shape is smaller than a red triangle and a triangle is a different color from a red shape .
a red shape is a different shape from a green pentagon and a red triangle is farther from a green triangle than the pentagon .
a shape is a triangle if and only if there is a blue shape .
a magenta rectangle is darker than a triangle or a pentagon is to the left of a gray shape .
at most a third of the red shapes are triangles if and only if a green pentagon is a different shape from a red shape .

a shape is a magenta semicircle and a green shape is a different shape from a magenta square .
a magenta circle is behind a gray square and at least one shape is a gray square .
if a magenta semicircle is below a gray square there is a square .
at most five shapes are squares and a gray square is closer to a gray circle than the magenta pentagon .
at most half the shapes are green circles and a gray shape is a different shape from a magenta semicircle .

a triangle is closer to a pentagon than the green shape if the lighter blue shape is a semicircle .
the smallest cross is a green shape if and only if a shape is a pentagon .
not two yellow shapes are triangles if and only if a green shape is a cross .
a semicircle is to the right of a rectangle or the smaller cyan shape is a pentagon .
a shape is a gray ellipse or at least a quarter of the shapes are yellow circles .

exactly a quarter of the circles are magenta shapes or the pentagon closest to the yellow circle is a yellow shape .
if at least zero shapes are red ellipses a shape is a red pentagon .
if a gray ellipse is lighter than an ellipse the lightest red shape is a rectangle .
there is a yellow rectangle if and only if a shape is a red cross .
more than two shapes are circles if there is a blue circle .

at least a third of the shapes are green shapes if and only if the closest triangle to the cyan rectangle is a magenta shape .
exactly one shape is a cyan ellipse or a shape is a gray shape .
there is a cyan ellipse or a blue shape is bigger than a cyan ellipse .
a shape is a yellow semicircle if a shape is a triangle .
a cyan triangle is to the right of an ellipse and a cyan shape is smaller than a green rectangle .

a green shape is below a red shape or the bigger green shape is a square .
the closest ellipse to the blue shape is a yellow shape and there is a yellow ellipse .
the biggest ellipse is a red shape if and only if more than two ellipses are red shapes .
there is a red shape and less than two pentagons are blue shapes .
there is a blue pentagon if and only if the rightmost semicircle is a blue shape .

a shape is a gray square and a cyan shape is a semicircle .
at least a quarter of the shapes are cyan shapes if and only if not three shapes are cyan semicircles .
a blue shape is the same shape as a cyan semicircle if and only if exactly three quarters of the shapes are gray squares .
exactly two shapes are ellipses if and only if the uppermost pentagon is a yellow shape .
a circle is above a yellow rectangle or the upper triangle is a green shape .

a gray shape is the same shape as a magenta circle or the smaller gray shape is a cross .
a shape is a green shape if the smallest blue shape is a cross .
at most a third of the shapes are magenta shapes and a shape is a gray ellipse .
there is a gray semicircle and a shape is a gray circle .
a square is the same color as a blue circle and a green shape is bigger than a blue cross .

a circle is darker than a magenta shape if and only if a pentagon is a cyan shape .
there is a yellow rectangle or a blue shape is a square .
a shape is a magenta square if and only if a magenta shape is the same shape as a red pentagon .
the pentagon farthest from the rectangle is a magenta shape or there is a red ellipse .
there is a gray rectangle if and only if a square is farther from a magenta square than the circle .

if a green shape is to the left of a red triangle a shape is a red triangle .
if there is a green shape the lighter green shape is a triangle .
if a red shape is smaller than a red semicircle a shape is a yellow square .
if at least half the ellipses are green shapes a green semicircle is a different shape from a red shape .
a gray shape is a semicircle if and only if a green semicircle is bigger than a red semicircle .

a red shape is the same shape as a blue triangle or the lighter triangle is a cyan shape .
if a triangle is a blue shape a shape is a blue circle .
there is a gray square or the lightest triangle is a yellow shape .
there is a triangle if and only if the rightmost triangle is a blue shape .
a blue shape is a pentagon or not half the shapes are triangles .

there is a cyan pentagon if and only if a red shape is smaller than a magenta square .
a triangle is a different color from a blue pentagon if and only if a red cross is to the right of an ellipse .
a magenta square is to the right of a red square and a magenta shape is farther from a blue shape than the gray shape .
a shape is a red cross and there is a blue pentagon .
the square closest to the gray shape is a magenta shape if and only if there is a red pentagon .

at least two thirds of the shapes are squares or a circle is in front of a green shape .
if exactly one shape is a yellow square a shape is a green square .
a gray shape is a different shape from a square or a shape is a red triangle .
a square is a yellow shape if and only if a triangle is above a green shape .
a red circle is smaller than a circle if and only if a cyan shape is above a red circle .

less than half the shapes are green crosses and a cross is darker than a cross .
a shape is a red square or at least two shapes are green crosses .
there is a cross and a green cross is the same color as a cross .
a shape is a cyan shape or a green shape is smaller than a cross .
a cross is above a green shape if and only if a cross is lighter than a green cross .

a rectangle is the same color as a gray shape if and only if there is a red circle .
if more than four shapes are cyan shapes the smallest circle is a gray shape .
less than one shape is a cyan triangle and a shape is a gray square .
if at most a quarter of the shapes are pentagons the bigger rectangle is a cyan shape .
exactly zero shapes are red shapes if and only if a shape is a cyan rectangle .

a circle is a gray shape if and only if not all shapes are gray circles .
more than two shapes are circles or a gray shape is a pentagon .
there is a rectangle and exactly a quarter of the shapes are ellipses .
at most half the shapes are gray circles if and only if more than three shapes are gray circles .
less than three shapes are gray shapes if and only if a gray shape is an ellipse .

a circle is farther from a magenta pentagon than the cyan cross if and only if a green pentagon is smaller than a magenta shape .
if not a third of the shapes are green pentagons a shape is a magenta square .
a magenta shape is bigger than a cyan pentagon or exactly two shapes are pentagons .
the rightmost gray shape is a square if and only if a cyan square is farther from a gray shape than the cyan shape .
at least two shapes are cyan shapes and there is a green shape .

a green triangle is to the left of a triangle or a shape is a cyan ellipse .
a triangle is a gray shape or a triangle is a different color from a blue shape .
at most five cyan shapes are crosses if a gray shape is a different shape from a cyan triangle .
if there is a gray cross the rightmost magenta shape is a cross .
a shape is a triangle if and only if the darkest triangle is a magenta shape .

more than three quarters of the shapes are red shapes if and only if there is a cyan square .
less than four circles are blue shapes or the right triangle is a yellow shape .
there is a blue semicircle if a shape is a red triangle .
a blue circle is above a gray cross if and only if a gray cross is to the right of a rectangle .
there is a green semicircle or a blue rectangle is to the left of a yellow shape .

a cross is darker than a cyan shape or a blue shape is smaller than a green cross .
if a gray cross is below a green cross a semicircle is a green shape .
if a red shape is behind a green cross there is a blue shape .
if a yellow shape is a different shape from a red semicircle the bigger semicircle is a gray shape .
if a blue cross is above a blue shape the smaller gray shape is a semicircle .

there is a gray cross if there is a blue shape .
there is a magenta triangle if and only if there is a semicircle .
a shape is a blue cross if and only if a shape is a cross .
not a third of the blue shapes are circles and exactly one shape is a blue cross .
a shape is a rectangle or a blue shape is an ellipse .

a blue pentagon is in front of a blue circle if and only if the lighter red shape is a pentagon .
a shape is a cross if a red shape is a circle .
a green pentagon is in front of a yellow shape and less than all shapes are circles .
a rectangle is above a yellow ellipse or a cyan shape is closer to a green circle than the rectangle .
a blue shape is behind a green shape and a blue shape is the same shape as a yellow circle .

if the darkest pentagon is a green shape a pentagon is darker than a yellow shape .
a green shape is a different shape from a green pentagon if and only if a shape is a green pentagon .
the lightest pentagon is a green shape and a shape is a cyan shape .
there is a gray triangle or less than a quarter of the triangles are green shapes .
a triangle is a different color from a green shape and a pentagon is a different color from a cyan triangle .

more than four shapes are yellow rectangles and a yellow shape is behind a red rectangle .
a yellow semicircle is behind a blue shape if and only if not zero shapes are yellow rectangles .
a shape is a rectangle if and only if there is a cross .
if not a third of the shapes are yellow rectangles a shape is an ellipse .
the lower blue shape is a rectangle if and only if a shape is a yellow circle .

there is a cyan cross and a cyan shape is to the right of a cyan cross .
a circle is closer to a cyan cross than the red pentagon if and only if a cyan semicircle is to the right of a cyan shape .
if the darker pentagon is a magenta shape a red cross is smaller than a cross .
a cyan shape is smaller than a cyan cross and a green shape is the same color as a red semicircle .
there is a cross if and only if there is a cyan shape .

more than one ellipse is a green shape if and only if a shape is a magenta ellipse .
there is a circle or a green shape is a pentagon .
a rectangle is darker than a green ellipse and the right magenta shape is a pentagon .
if a gray shape is below a pentagon a green shape is a pentagon .
the ellipse farther from the magenta pentagon is a green shape or a rectangle is behind a green ellipse .

a shape is a semicircle or the lightest cyan shape is an ellipse .
not five ellipses are green shapes if and only if a cyan semicircle is to the right of a cyan shape .
there is a yellow shape or a shape is a magenta semicircle .
if exactly four shapes are blue ellipses not no blue shape is an ellipse .
a yellow shape is a different shape from a magenta ellipse or the uppermost semicircle is a cyan shape .

exactly five rectangles are gray shapes if and only if a magenta cross is closer to a circle than the cyan rectangle .
the magenta shape closer to the cyan shape is a square if and only if exactly zero rectangles are magenta shapes .
more than two shapes are cyan shapes or a magenta shape is bigger than a green circle .
a magenta shape is the same shape as a gray semicircle if and only if a cyan shape is closer to a gray semicircle than the ellipse .
an ellipse is a blue shape or at most three quarters of the shapes are magenta rectangles .

