two thirds of the four rectangles are yellow rectangles .
a third of the shapes is an ellipse .
most green shapes are rectangles .
two thirds of the six shapes are rectangles .
most of the seven triangles are red triangles .
a few magenta shapes are pentagons .
a third of the three pentagons is magenta .
three quarters of the shapes are blue .
all blue shapes are crosses .
all of the seven shapes are gray .
most of the eight gray shapes are gray rectangles .
a few shapes are red circles .
all shapes are yellow rectangles .
a few blue shapes are pentagons .
two thirds of the rectangles are red .
two thirds of the shapes are ellipses .
none of the seven shapes is cyan .
all shapes are magenta .
half the four semicircles are green .
all of the six magenta shapes are ellipses .
half the four shapes are semicircles .
three quarters of the seven shapes are yellow .
a few cyan shapes are pentagons .
no yellow shape is a cross .
a third of the triangles is blue .
most yellow shapes are yellow semicircles .
all circles are gray .
no yellow shape is an ellipse .
a few shapes are crosses .
a third of the three ellipses is magenta .
no cyan shape is a cyan cross .
a third of the shapes is a gray ellipse .
a third of the four triangles is cyan .
none of the four circles is blue .
most rectangles are gray .
no ellipse is cyan .
two thirds of the six shapes are ellipses .
no shape is magenta .
a third of the six crosses is a blue cross .
all cyan shapes are circles .
a third of the four gray shapes is a gray ellipse .
all magenta shapes are ellipses .
a few blue shapes are ellipses .
a third of the seven shapes is cyan .
no pentagon is a blue pentagon .
a quarter of the five shapes is a cross .
a quarter of the four crosses is yellow .
all shapes are semicircles .
a few shapes are rectangles .
two thirds of the six gray shapes are crosses .
none of the two blue shapes is a triangle .
most of the five shapes are rectangles .
most red shapes are red semicircles .
a few of the two shapes are rectangles .
none of the three ellipses is a blue ellipse .
half the two pentagons are green .
most of the five rectangles are magenta .
none of the five shapes is red .
a quarter of the shapes is green .
all shapes are green .
a quarter of the six semicircles is a red semicircle .
all of the two green shapes are pentagons .
a quarter of the eight shapes is a cross .
a quarter of the five rectangles is gray .
no shape is green .
a few of the four yellow shapes are pentagons .
a few of the seven shapes are ellipses .
a quarter of the six semicircles is blue .
half the five shapes are cyan squares .
three quarters of the four yellow shapes are circles .
a few shapes are blue .
most of the two yellow shapes are ellipses .
a few rectangles are blue .
all squares are magenta .
most green shapes are semicircles .
no blue shape is a pentagon .
none of the two red shapes is a semicircle .
no yellow shape is a yellow triangle .
three quarters of the shapes are ellipses .
three quarters of the eight shapes are ellipses .
all blue shapes are triangles .
all rectangles are red .
a few magenta shapes are triangles .
two thirds of the eight triangles are yellow triangles .
none of the two squares is blue .
all triangles are blue .
a quarter of the seven shapes is a circle .
most of the seven shapes are circles .
three quarters of the four magenta shapes are triangles .
two thirds of the six crosses are cyan .
all blue shapes are triangles .
half the blue shapes are triangles .
a few shapes are blue .
a few green shapes are semicircles .
a quarter of the four yellow shapes is a yellow circle .
a few squares are blue .
all shapes are red .
most of the six shapes are semicircles .
a third of the three pentagons is red .
all of the three yellow shapes are triangles .
