more than zero of the three semicircles are yellow .
exactly zero rectangles are yellow .
at most two thirds of the green shapes are semicircles .
at least one gray shape is a rectangle .
not three quarters of the yellow shapes are rectangles .

more than half as many magenta shapes as red shapes are rectangles .
more than two thirds of the two gray shapes are semicircles .
more than no blue shape is a semicircle .
as many red shapes as cyan shapes are rectangles .
at most two thirds of the two gray shapes are semicircles .

less than half as many gray shapes as red shapes are ellipses .
not zero yellow shapes are rectangles .
at least a quarter of the yellow shapes are rectangles .
less than two thirds of the six yellow shapes are ellipses .
one less yellow shape than gray shapes is an ellipse .

at most two green shapes are pentagons .
one less cyan shape than green shapes is a pentagon .
at least zero circles are magenta .
less than one of the five green shapes is crosses .
as many pentagons as triangles are green .

three more crosses than triangles are green .
at least two of the five circles are green .
more than one circle is gray .
not five of the two crosses are green .
five more circles than semicircles are green .

not one ellipse is green .
not two green shapes are circles .
not one of the three circles is green .
exactly two of the six green shapes are circles .
not five gray shapes are ellipses .

more than a quarter of the crosses are red .
at most one red shape is a circle .
at least three quarters of the red shapes are pentagons .
exactly four of the three circles are red .
exactly two yellow shapes are circles .

not all magenta shapes are semicircles .
at least a third of the red shapes are pentagons .
exactly three red shapes are semicircles .
less than a third of the five semicircles is red .
one less pentagon than semicircles is red .

exactly half the four crosses are magenta .
not zero yellow shapes are semicircles .
more than two of the eight yellow shapes are triangles .
less than half as many triangles as crosses are yellow .
less yellow shapes than magenta shapes are crosses .

exactly half the magenta shapes are triangles .
not two thirds of the magenta shapes are crosses .
less semicircles than crosses are magenta .
less than all crosses are magenta .
less semicircles than squares are gray .

exactly a third of the two squares is magenta .
not four of the three blue shapes are ellipses .
at most three quarters of the two crosses are magenta .
as many squares as semicircles are yellow .
more than twice as many ellipses as crosses are blue .

three more cyan shapes than blue shapes are rectangles .
more rectangles than triangles are cyan .
less than half the cyan shapes are rectangles .
at most two thirds of the four triangles are cyan .
more than four cyan shapes are ellipses .

one more triangle than ellipses is red .
at most two of the two ellipses are gray .
more than twice as many triangles as ellipses are gray .
not zero gray shapes are triangles .
three more red shapes than gray shapes are triangles .

not all triangles are green .
less than twice as many magenta shapes as green shapes are triangles .
not a quarter of the magenta shapes are crosses .
at most a third of the rectangles is magenta .
as many rectangles as crosses are green .

at most two pentagons are gray .
exactly three quarters of the squares are yellow .
not three quarters of the four gray shapes are pentagons .
at most one of the two yellow shapes is triangles .
more than half as many cyan shapes as blue shapes are rectangles .

not four pentagons are cyan .
not two cyan shapes are semicircles .
at least a third of the cyan shapes are crosses .
less than three of the three pentagons are cyan .
one less circle than pentagons is green .

at least a quarter of the two circles are blue .
at most three quarters of the two pentagons are blue .
not two of the six crosses are gray .
one more cross than pentagons is blue .
one more cross than pentagons is red .

at least three triangles are magenta .
at least three quarters of the magenta shapes are triangles .
not four of the four triangles are magenta .
more than two thirds of the four circles are magenta .
more than three of the six magenta shapes are triangles .

more than three quarters of the pentagons are gray .
at least a third of the three yellow shapes are triangles .
less than three quarters of the yellow shapes are squares .
one more square than pentagons is magenta .
at least zero of the four squares are cyan .

more than half the three circles are green .
less than all the two circles are magenta .
less than three quarters of the red shapes are triangles .
at least zero green shapes are semicircles .
three more cyan shapes than blue shapes are triangles .

twice as many blue shapes as gray shapes are crosses .
at most a third of the three crosses is gray .
exactly two of the two rectangles are blue .
not all rectangles are blue .
not three of the three crosses are blue .

at most all the two cyan shapes are squares .
more than zero semicircles are magenta .
five more blue shapes than gray shapes are ellipses .
less than three yellow shapes are ellipses .
not none of the four squares is red .

not four semicircles are cyan .
at least five red shapes are crosses .
not none of the six crosses is red .
at most a quarter of the crosses are cyan .
not one of the seven crosses is red .

two more triangles than crosses are magenta .
less crosses than triangles are magenta .
more than a third of the triangles is red .
not none of the eight magenta shapes is triangles .
more than no magenta shape is an ellipse .

at least three quarters of the yellow shapes are ellipses .
exactly half the two rectangles are red .
at most two yellow shapes are ellipses .
less than a third of the three ellipses is red .
at least two thirds of the yellow shapes are ellipses .

less than four gray shapes are crosses .
at least zero of the five crosses are gray .
less than twice as many semicircles as crosses are gray .
at most two thirds of the crosses are gray .
more than one of the five crosses is gray .

less than half the seven red shapes are semicircles .
less than three red shapes are pentagons .
more than zero pentagons are magenta .
at most five semicircles are cyan .
exactly all the six pentagons are red .

more than twice as many circles as squares are cyan .
more cyan shapes than green shapes are circles .
more blue shapes than cyan shapes are squares .
not three quarters of the two green shapes are circles .
two more cyan shapes than green shapes are circles .

at most two thirds of the four blue shapes are triangles .
as many circles as crosses are cyan .
more than half as many cyan shapes as green shapes are semicircles .
less than all the four cyan shapes are triangles .
not a third of the four green shapes are semicircles .

more than half as many magenta shapes as yellow shapes are semicircles .
less than twice as many triangles as crosses are cyan .
more than none of the eight magenta shapes is pentagons .
more than three quarters of the pentagons are yellow .
less than a third of the four semicircles is yellow .

not five of the eight yellow shapes are triangles .
not three of the seven triangles are green .
more than three quarters of the semicircles are yellow .
less than four triangles are yellow .
twice as many yellow shapes as gray shapes are triangles .

at least two yellow shapes are circles .
less than a quarter of the seven gray shapes are ellipses .
exactly two circles are yellow .
less than four of the six gray shapes are ellipses .
not three of the seven gray shapes are crosses .

exactly three quarters of the squares are magenta .
more than three quarters of the pentagons are magenta .
less than a third of the four cyan shapes are squares .
more than two rectangles are red .
not five of the four cyan shapes are pentagons .

at least two of the two circles are red .
more than two thirds of the five blue shapes are ellipses .
one less red shape than gray shapes is a triangle .
half as many gray shapes as blue shapes are pentagons .
more than half as many gray shapes as red shapes are crosses .

more than half as many green shapes as blue shapes are pentagons .
more than two thirds of the green shapes are ellipses .
more than zero pentagons are red .
exactly five cyan shapes are pentagons .
one more cyan shape than magenta shapes is a pentagon .

half as many magenta shapes as red shapes are rectangles .
half as many rectangles as ellipses are magenta .
at most two thirds of the four rectangles are magenta .
half as many rectangles as semicircles are magenta .
exactly three quarters of the semicircles are magenta .

not a third of the semicircles is blue .
less than four of the three green shapes are circles .
more than three quarters of the blue shapes are rectangles .
more than four semicircles are blue .
exactly three circles are red .

two less pentagons than circles are blue .
exactly two of the five circles are blue .
at least four blue shapes are semicircles .
less than twice as many squares as pentagons are blue .
five more pentagons than rectangles are blue .

exactly two red shapes are rectangles .
at least half the triangles are cyan .
as many pentagons as triangles are cyan .
less than three of the four triangles are green .
more than three quarters of the magenta shapes are ellipses .

at most three squares are green .
exactly a third of the crosses is magenta .
more than three rectangles are cyan .
as many yellow shapes as magenta shapes are squares .
at least four squares are cyan .

four more cyan shapes than blue shapes are ellipses .
not four of the six cyan shapes are ellipses .
more than zero triangles are blue .
not three quarters of the two cyan shapes are ellipses .
less than a third of the ellipses is blue .

at least one of the three cyan shapes is semicircles .
less than a quarter of the three crosses are cyan .
more than a third of the three circles is magenta .
at most three quarters of the triangles are magenta .
less than twice as many magenta shapes as gray shapes are crosses .

not a third of the ellipses is cyan .
as many cyan shapes as yellow shapes are ellipses .
more than three quarters of the ellipses are cyan .
less than twice as many yellow shapes as cyan shapes are ellipses .
not one magenta shape is a cross .

less than two semicircles are green .
exactly zero of the four semicircles are blue .
at most five of the six blue shapes are squares .
at most three quarters of the five blue shapes are circles .
at least three quarters of the yellow shapes are semicircles .

more than half as many gray shapes as yellow shapes are semicircles .
not three quarters of the blue shapes are triangles .
not one triangle is blue .
exactly three semicircles are blue .
less than two thirds of the semicircles are blue .

not two thirds of the blue shapes are circles .
not three of the four rectangles are red .
less than one of the three cyan shapes is circles .
at least half the three red shapes are crosses .
not two of the seven cyan shapes are circles .

two more blue shapes than green shapes are circles .
at most one of the three blue shapes is pentagons .
more than twice as many circles as pentagons are blue .
not three of the four red shapes are pentagons .
less than all circles are blue .

less than half the three cyan shapes are squares .
five more yellow shapes than gray shapes are squares .
exactly two of the four cyan shapes are squares .
not one of the two semicircles is cyan .
more than half as many magenta shapes as cyan shapes are squares .

at least two of the three magenta shapes are semicircles .
less squares than semicircles are blue .
at most one of the six yellow shapes is semicircles .
three more yellow shapes than blue shapes are triangles .
exactly half the three squares are yellow .

exactly a quarter of the three rectangles are green .
less than two thirds of the green shapes are rectangles .
less than half as many cyan shapes as gray shapes are rectangles .
not none of the three rectangles is green .
more than twice as many gray shapes as green shapes are rectangles .

not all the three cyan shapes are crosses .
less than a third of the cyan shapes are pentagons .
half as many pentagons as crosses are cyan .
three more yellow shapes than cyan shapes are crosses .
more than none of the four gray shapes is crosses .

at most three squares are red .
not four of the six red shapes are squares .
exactly zero squares are red .
not one red shape is a square .
at least a quarter of the cyan shapes are squares .

less ellipses than rectangles are red .
not a third of the five squares is cyan .
less than twice as many ellipses as rectangles are red .
not all red shapes are rectangles .
less than one of the five rectangles is green .

less than all cyan shapes are triangles .
at least four of the seven cyan shapes are triangles .
exactly two triangles are cyan .
as many green shapes as red shapes are crosses .
twice as many cyan shapes as green shapes are triangles .

at most a quarter of the gray shapes are pentagons .
at most five of the eight triangles are gray .
more triangles than rectangles are green .
at least zero of the three green shapes are triangles .
twice as many gray shapes as green shapes are triangles .

more than half as many semicircles as rectangles are green .
not three of the five green shapes are semicircles .
not two thirds of the seven green shapes are crosses .
less than four green shapes are crosses .
more than three quarters of the yellow shapes are crosses .

five more gray shapes than magenta shapes are semicircles .
at least five semicircles are gray .
exactly one rectangle is magenta .
five more gray shapes than blue shapes are semicircles .
at least a third of the seven semicircles is red .

at most two thirds of the gray shapes are squares .
exactly half the two gray shapes are squares .
more than twice as many rectangles as circles are cyan .
exactly four squares are green .
at least half the three cyan shapes are circles .

as many yellow shapes as blue shapes are crosses .
exactly three red shapes are squares .
less than half the five red shapes are squares .
at most five of the two yellow shapes are circles .
half as many semicircles as squares are red .

more than twice as many pentagons as ellipses are gray .
more than two ellipses are gray .
exactly one magenta shape is an ellipse .
less cyan shapes than gray shapes are ellipses .
at most five of the three rectangles are blue .

at least three pentagons are green .
more than three of the four gray shapes are ellipses .
less than twice as many pentagons as ellipses are yellow .
at least four of the seven yellow shapes are rectangles .
at least two thirds of the green shapes are ellipses .

less than twice as many cyan shapes as blue shapes are crosses .
at most two thirds of the red shapes are ellipses .
exactly one ellipse is magenta .
at least a third of the blue shapes are triangles .
exactly no red shape is a square .

four more rectangles than ellipses are blue .
at least three quarters of the ellipses are blue .
more than two thirds of the semicircles are blue .
exactly a quarter of the semicircles are blue .
less than half as many rectangles as pentagons are blue .

half as many circles as pentagons are red .
less than half as many triangles as pentagons are red .
not zero of the two yellow shapes are pentagons .
exactly zero yellow shapes are triangles .
exactly a quarter of the two yellow shapes are triangles .

two more squares than rectangles are magenta .
one more pentagon than circles is gray .
one more red shape than blue shapes is a square .
one less blue shape than green shapes is a square .
less than half as many blue shapes as red shapes are squares .

at least a quarter of the pentagons are yellow .
not five of the eight rectangles are green .
one less ellipse than pentagons is green .
at least none of the two magenta shapes is rectangles .
exactly a quarter of the green shapes are rectangles .

not half the five pentagons are magenta .
at most three of the three blue shapes are pentagons .
less than two thirds of the magenta shapes are pentagons .
more than half as many circles as pentagons are magenta .
at least three of the six pentagons are blue .

at least a quarter of the two circles are red .
less than half the two cyan shapes are rectangles .
at least a quarter of the rectangles are cyan .
at most four yellow shapes are rectangles .
less than a third of the rectangles is yellow .

not one gray shape is a circle .
not one of the three blue shapes is ellipses .
less than one ellipse is blue .
exactly half the blue shapes are ellipses .
at least one of the seven circles is gray .

more than four of the eight cyan shapes are crosses .
not a third of the six crosses is cyan .
exactly three of the six crosses are cyan .
at most all the three pentagons are gray .
less crosses than squares are gray .

not none of the five magenta shapes is semicircles .
less than twice as many green shapes as magenta shapes are semicircles .
less than twice as many rectangles as semicircles are magenta .
less than one semicircle is green .
more than two thirds of the five semicircles are magenta .

exactly none of the three triangles is yellow .
exactly a quarter of the four magenta shapes are triangles .
less than all magenta shapes are squares .
not half the six squares are magenta .
at most a quarter of the magenta shapes are squares .

half as many triangles as crosses are green .
exactly two green shapes are crosses .
twice as many green shapes as magenta shapes are triangles .
less than half the green shapes are triangles .
more red shapes than magenta shapes are pentagons .

less than half as many squares as circles are magenta .
more magenta shapes than yellow shapes are triangles .
one more magenta shape than cyan shapes is a triangle .
at most one magenta shape is a triangle .
less than three of the three magenta shapes are squares .

two less gray shapes than yellow shapes are rectangles .
twice as many red shapes as gray shapes are rectangles .
at most three gray shapes are rectangles .
less than four of the seven rectangles are yellow .
at least one of the eight rectangles is red .

one more cross than ellipses is blue .
half as many ellipses as squares are blue .
not three of the three gray shapes are pentagons .
twice as many circles as ellipses are red .
less than twice as many ellipses as pentagons are red .

less than all the three magenta shapes are squares .
exactly one circle is magenta .
not a quarter of the five rectangles are gray .
less circles than rectangles are yellow .
twice as many rectangles as circles are yellow .

more than half as many crosses as pentagons are blue .
more than one of the four pentagons is blue .
half as many blue shapes as gray shapes are pentagons .
not two of the three blue shapes are crosses .
not two thirds of the gray shapes are pentagons .

at most two thirds of the crosses are magenta .
not two thirds of the five crosses are yellow .
less than half as many rectangles as circles are magenta .
less than a quarter of the four magenta shapes are crosses .
exactly no yellow shape is a cross .

exactly a quarter of the four pentagons are green .
at least a quarter of the squares are yellow .
one less square than crosses is gray .
less than a quarter of the six gray shapes are squares .
more than two of the four pentagons are cyan .

exactly four of the two triangles are red .
at most five triangles are blue .
more than none of the two blue shapes is squares .
less than half as many green shapes as blue shapes are triangles .
as many pentagons as triangles are green .

at most a third of the squares is magenta .
exactly zero green shapes are squares .
less than one of the three crosses is red .
at most a third of the green shapes are crosses .
more red shapes than cyan shapes are semicircles .

not one semicircle is magenta .
more rectangles than circles are blue .
not a quarter of the three rectangles are blue .
exactly all the three rectangles are blue .
at least two triangles are green .

four more cyan shapes than yellow shapes are semicircles .
more yellow shapes than cyan shapes are squares .
not zero cyan shapes are semicircles .
not four yellow shapes are circles .
exactly zero magenta shapes are semicircles .

more blue shapes than green shapes are semicircles .
more semicircles than pentagons are magenta .
at least half the three blue shapes are semicircles .
less than half as many pentagons as triangles are magenta .
at least none of the six magenta shapes is pentagons .

at least three quarters of the magenta shapes are ellipses .
exactly five magenta shapes are squares .
exactly no cyan shape is a rectangle .
more than a third of the three blue shapes are triangles .
not a quarter of the two blue shapes are ellipses .

at least two triangles are green .
not a quarter of the rectangles are blue .
more than a third of the six green shapes are ellipses .
at least three quarters of the green shapes are triangles .
exactly one of the two red shapes is squares .

less than twice as many blue shapes as gray shapes are circles .
less than all ellipses are blue .
more than two thirds of the three ellipses are blue .
at least a quarter of the six blue shapes are circles .
less green shapes than blue shapes are circles .

one more square than triangles is blue .
half as many triangles as rectangles are blue .
not all cyan shapes are crosses .
twice as many gray shapes as green shapes are rectangles .
more blue shapes than green shapes are pentagons .

exactly zero of the two blue shapes are triangles .
more than a quarter of the six cyan shapes are squares .
two more circles than crosses are magenta .
twice as many cyan shapes as blue shapes are squares .
at most three green shapes are crosses .

half as many cyan shapes as green shapes are semicircles .
more than half as many semicircles as crosses are green .
at least three cyan shapes are crosses .
not half the four green shapes are semicircles .
less than half as many semicircles as crosses are cyan .

five more red shapes than blue shapes are ellipses .
less than three ellipses are red .
less than half the ellipses are red .
more than one of the six red shapes is ellipses .
not three quarters of the four cyan shapes are ellipses .

exactly four of the six blue shapes are circles .
not two circles are red .
half as many circles as squares are blue .
less squares than circles are blue .
more than half the six circles are gray .

one more magenta shape than cyan shapes is a semicircle .
less than twice as many squares as semicircles are gray .
less than two thirds of the four rectangles are blue .
exactly a third of the cyan shapes are squares .
one less yellow shape than magenta shapes is a semicircle .

more than five pentagons are magenta .
at least a quarter of the triangles are magenta .
more than a quarter of the eight magenta shapes are pentagons .
at least two of the six triangles are magenta .
less than five blue shapes are ellipses .

exactly three quarters of the red shapes are semicircles .
exactly all gray shapes are semicircles .
more than twice as many ellipses as semicircles are red .
at least half the four red shapes are ellipses .
not half the gray shapes are semicircles .

five more circles than squares are yellow .
more than two thirds of the circles are blue .
less than twice as many blue shapes as yellow shapes are circles .
not two thirds of the six yellow shapes are circles .
not two thirds of the green shapes are ellipses .

more than one of the two magenta shapes is semicircles .
more than three quarters of the magenta shapes are semicircles .
more than half as many triangles as ellipses are magenta .
at least two cyan shapes are triangles .
more rectangles than triangles are cyan .

not three of the two ellipses are red .
more than two thirds of the three circles are blue .
not two thirds of the five red shapes are ellipses .
more than twice as many red shapes as green shapes are circles .
not two thirds of the circles are blue .

more than half as many cyan shapes as blue shapes are crosses .
more than two red shapes are rectangles .
exactly all the seven rectangles are cyan .
less than half as many ellipses as crosses are cyan .
exactly zero of the seven rectangles are red .

