the darkest semicircle is yellow .
the uppermost blue shape is a semicircle .
the leftmost semicircle is blue .
the rightmost semicircle is yellow .
the leftmost blue shape is a semicircle .

the blue shape farthest from the gray square is a semicircle .
the smallest semicircle is blue .
the leftmost blue shape is a square .
the blue shape farthest from the yellow rectangle is a semicircle .
the rightmost semicircle is blue .

the biggest red shape is a cross .
the lightest red shape is a triangle .
the lowermost yellow shape is an ellipse .
the leftmost yellow shape is a circle .
the biggest pentagon is red .

the lightest cyan shape is a triangle .
the uppermost cyan shape is a triangle .
the rightmost magenta shape is a triangle .
the lowermost cyan shape is a triangle .
the cyan shape farthest from the square is a semicircle .

the uppermost red shape is a square .
the smallest red shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost red shape is a triangle .
the leftmost circle is green .
the biggest circle is red .

the triangle closest to the gray square is cyan .
the lightest gray shape is a square .
the leftmost red shape is a triangle .
the lightest gray shape is a square .
the leftmost gray shape is a triangle .

the darkest triangle is gray .
the darkest gray shape is a triangle .
the rectangle farthest from the cross is green .
the biggest gray shape is a rectangle .
the rectangle closest to the square is yellow .

the pentagon closest to the semicircle is gray .
the rightmost ellipse is magenta .
the smallest pentagon is yellow .
the lightest green shape is a circle .
the darkest gray shape is a pentagon .

the rightmost magenta shape is a circle .
the smallest semicircle is magenta .
the magenta shape farthest from the ellipse is a circle .
the darkest magenta shape is a circle .
the rightmost green shape is a triangle .

the rightmost pentagon is yellow .
the lightest pentagon is gray .
the magenta shape closest to the triangle is a triangle .
the lowermost yellow shape is a pentagon .
the darkest yellow shape is a pentagon .

the leftmost semicircle is magenta .
the uppermost blue shape is a cross .
the lightest blue shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost magenta shape is a semicircle .
the lightest blue shape is a cross .

the rightmost gray shape is a square .
the square closest to the gray rectangle is red .
the rightmost magenta shape is a square .
the leftmost gray shape is a rectangle .
the uppermost gray shape is a square .

the lightest circle is gray .
the lightest yellow shape is a rectangle .
the biggest circle is green .
the lightest yellow shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost gray shape is a circle .

the leftmost cyan shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost red shape is a rectangle .
the lowermost cyan shape is an ellipse .
the lowermost ellipse is red .
the lowermost ellipse is red .

the biggest green shape is an ellipse .
the uppermost green shape is an ellipse .
the lowermost green shape is an ellipse .
the rightmost green shape is an ellipse .
the uppermost ellipse is gray .

the uppermost magenta shape is a triangle .
the rightmost triangle is red .
the lowermost ellipse is gray .
the darkest magenta shape is a triangle .
the lightest ellipse is magenta .

the lightest rectangle is green .
the lowermost green shape is a rectangle .
the lightest green shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost rectangle is green .
the darkest rectangle is yellow .

the leftmost pentagon is gray .
the lowermost yellow shape is a circle .
the lowermost yellow shape is a cross .
the darkest yellow shape is a pentagon .
the rightmost semicircle is red .

the rightmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the gray shape farthest from the cyan shape is an ellipse .
the rightmost rectangle is cyan .
the lightest magenta shape is a square .
the lightest gray shape is a semicircle .

the lightest circle is blue .
the circle closest to the blue pentagon is blue .
the smallest circle is blue .
the leftmost blue shape is a cross .
the smallest circle is blue .

the lightest cross is cyan .
the cyan shape farthest from the circle is a pentagon .
the biggest cross is cyan .
the darkest cross is cyan .
the leftmost cross is red .

the smallest pentagon is green .
the darkest rectangle is blue .
the biggest cyan shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost rectangle is magenta .
the smallest rectangle is gray .

the uppermost gray shape is a triangle .
the ellipse farthest from the magenta shape is gray .
the darkest green shape is a semicircle .
the lightest ellipse is gray .
the darkest ellipse is green .

the rightmost yellow shape is an ellipse .
the biggest yellow shape is an ellipse .
the leftmost cross is yellow .
the circle farthest from the green ellipse is blue .
the lowermost circle is yellow .

the lowermost red shape is a triangle .
the rightmost triangle is yellow .
the uppermost triangle is red .
the lightest cyan shape is an ellipse .
the leftmost ellipse is cyan .

the lowermost red shape is a pentagon .
the rightmost red shape is an ellipse .
the darkest red shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost triangle is yellow .
the pentagon farthest from the cyan shape is gray .

the smallest yellow shape is a cross .
the lightest yellow shape is a cross .
the lightest triangle is blue .
the triangle closest to the magenta shape is cyan .
the smallest pentagon is red .

the lightest gray shape is a square .
the biggest gray shape is a square .
the biggest rectangle is green .
the biggest gray shape is a circle .
the gray shape closest to the green square is a pentagon .

the lowermost triangle is gray .
the uppermost green shape is a triangle .
the uppermost triangle is red .
the uppermost triangle is red .
the green shape closest to the red shape is a triangle .

the biggest cyan shape is an ellipse .
the uppermost rectangle is yellow .
the uppermost gray shape is a rectangle .
the lowermost yellow shape is a triangle .
the biggest ellipse is cyan .

the biggest triangle is yellow .
the lowermost cyan shape is a pentagon .
the cyan shape closest to the circle is a circle .
the smallest blue shape is a triangle .
the leftmost triangle is yellow .

the biggest circle is yellow .
the smallest magenta shape is a circle .
the uppermost magenta shape is a circle .
the magenta shape closest to the blue shape is a circle .
the rightmost rectangle is cyan .

the blue shape closest to the yellow circle is an ellipse .
the blue shape farthest from the yellow semicircle is an ellipse .
the uppermost yellow shape is a semicircle .
the lowermost semicircle is blue .
the uppermost yellow shape is an ellipse .

the triangle farthest from the green cross is red .
the cyan shape closest to the yellow triangle is a rectangle .
the biggest cross is green .
the leftmost rectangle is red .
the uppermost red shape is a semicircle .

the biggest gray shape is a rectangle .
the biggest rectangle is gray .
the rectangle farthest from the ellipse is yellow .
the rightmost rectangle is gray .
the lightest rectangle is gray .

the biggest blue shape is a cross .
the lightest cyan shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost blue shape is a semicircle .
the yellow shape farthest from the blue semicircle is a semicircle .
the cyan shape closest to the green cross is an ellipse .

the rightmost cross is gray .
the uppermost gray shape is a square .
the rightmost gray shape is a rectangle .
the lowermost cross is gray .
the cross farthest from the pentagon is red .

the smallest cyan shape is a pentagon .
the uppermost yellow shape is a square .
the lightest square is yellow .
the ellipse closest to the yellow cross is gray .
the square closest to the magenta ellipse is gray .

the darkest square is yellow .
the uppermost yellow shape is a triangle .
the lowermost blue shape is a rectangle .
the leftmost square is yellow .
the yellow shape closest to the blue semicircle is a square .

the smallest semicircle is yellow .
the lightest green shape is a cross .
the semicircle closest to the green circle is green .
the rightmost pentagon is blue .
the uppermost semicircle is gray .

the lowermost blue shape is a rectangle .
the leftmost red shape is a pentagon .
the leftmost blue shape is a triangle .
the leftmost blue shape is a triangle .
the leftmost rectangle is blue .

the lowermost square is magenta .
the leftmost square is magenta .
the ellipse farthest from the magenta semicircle is magenta .
the lightest ellipse is magenta .
the smallest square is magenta .

the darkest gray shape is a triangle .
the biggest cross is cyan .
the smallest pentagon is gray .
the rightmost pentagon is magenta .
the smallest cross is yellow .

the rightmost square is yellow .
the uppermost red shape is a circle .
the lowermost square is green .
the lowermost yellow shape is a triangle .
the uppermost square is yellow .

the lightest blue shape is a triangle .
the lowermost blue shape is a pentagon .
the rightmost blue shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost blue shape is a rectangle .
the uppermost blue shape is a cross .

the biggest blue shape is a circle .
the circle farthest from the magenta semicircle is blue .
the blue shape farthest from the magenta semicircle is a pentagon .
the biggest blue shape is a circle .
the uppermost circle is blue .

the lightest red shape is a square .
the rightmost square is red .
the uppermost red shape is a square .
the darkest square is green .
the darkest square is magenta .

the rightmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the red shape closest to the square is a rectangle .
the biggest magenta shape is a rectangle .
the lowermost rectangle is blue .
the rectangle closest to the blue square is blue .

the rightmost square is gray .
the smallest square is yellow .
the leftmost magenta shape is an ellipse .
the lowermost magenta shape is a square .
the lightest cyan shape is a triangle .

the biggest cyan shape is a cross .
the leftmost rectangle is blue .
the biggest cyan shape is a cross .
the biggest cyan shape is a cross .
the leftmost cross is blue .

the lowermost gray shape is a semicircle .
the leftmost cross is gray .
the leftmost cross is green .
the darkest semicircle is red .
the semicircle farthest from the green cross is gray .

the blue shape closest to the cross is a square .
the uppermost square is blue .
the darkest semicircle is blue .
the lowermost cyan shape is a square .
the leftmost semicircle is magenta .

the biggest cyan shape is a semicircle .
the cyan shape closest to the cross is a semicircle .
the rightmost semicircle is gray .
the smallest cyan shape is a square .
the uppermost cyan shape is a semicircle .

the uppermost cyan shape is a circle .
the uppermost red shape is an ellipse .
the uppermost red shape is an ellipse .
the uppermost red shape is an ellipse .
the lowermost red shape is a cross .

the uppermost green shape is a pentagon .
the rightmost pentagon is blue .
the leftmost pentagon is cyan .
the pentagon farthest from the green semicircle is yellow .
the biggest green shape is a pentagon .

the darkest cyan shape is an ellipse .
the biggest square is gray .
the lowermost cyan shape is an ellipse .
the biggest square is yellow .
the biggest cyan shape is an ellipse .

the square farthest from the cyan shape is red .
the square closest to the gray rectangle is red .
the lightest blue shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost pentagon is blue .
the darkest blue shape is a pentagon .

the leftmost square is green .
the gray shape farthest from the blue shape is a square .
the leftmost square is green .
the green shape farthest from the gray square is a rectangle .
the leftmost gray shape is a rectangle .

the leftmost triangle is red .
the darkest red shape is a triangle .
the rightmost blue shape is a triangle .
the smallest triangle is blue .
the leftmost semicircle is green .

the smallest green shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost pentagon is yellow .
the lowermost yellow shape is a cross .
the darkest pentagon is green .
the uppermost yellow shape is a semicircle .

the smallest blue shape is a cross .
the rightmost green shape is a cross .
the uppermost cross is green .
the rightmost green shape is a circle .
the lightest blue shape is a semicircle .

the rightmost magenta shape is a triangle .
the leftmost triangle is cyan .
the rightmost yellow shape is a triangle .
the biggest yellow shape is a semicircle .
the uppermost ellipse is magenta .

the smallest cyan shape is a triangle .
the leftmost triangle is cyan .
the smallest rectangle is blue .
the leftmost blue shape is a rectangle .
the leftmost blue shape is a rectangle .

the uppermost triangle is yellow .
the green shape farthest from the gray triangle is a triangle .
the triangle farthest from the rectangle is blue .
the lowermost square is gray .
the green shape closest to the gray triangle is a rectangle .

the lightest cross is cyan .
the lowermost cross is green .
the uppermost cross is gray .
the cross closest to the triangle is gray .
the rightmost cross is gray .

the smallest circle is gray .
the ellipse farthest from the gray rectangle is red .
the magenta shape closest to the green ellipse is a cross .
the leftmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the ellipse farthest from the gray shape is red .

the triangle farthest from the cyan shape is green .
the rightmost triangle is cyan .
the darkest square is blue .
the lightest blue shape is a pentagon .
the lightest green shape is a circle .

the uppermost green shape is a cross .
the cross farthest from the pentagon is red .
the uppermost green shape is an ellipse .
the leftmost green shape is a pentagon .
the green shape closest to the magenta shape is an ellipse .

the darkest cyan shape is a triangle .
the leftmost cyan shape is a cross .
the biggest cross is gray .
the leftmost cyan shape is a cross .
the darkest cross is blue .

the smallest red shape is a triangle .
the rectangle farthest from the gray shape is blue .
the smallest red shape is a rectangle .
the uppermost red shape is a circle .
the smallest rectangle is green .

the darkest yellow shape is a triangle .
the lightest yellow shape is a triangle .
the rightmost yellow shape is a circle .
the leftmost semicircle is magenta .
the lowermost semicircle is magenta .

the magenta shape farthest from the red circle is an ellipse .
the lowermost magenta shape is an ellipse .
the leftmost pentagon is yellow .
the biggest pentagon is red .
the leftmost red shape is a circle .

the rightmost semicircle is red .
the leftmost cross is red .
the semicircle farthest from the circle is gray .
the rightmost gray shape is a semicircle .
the gray shape farthest from the green cross is a cross .

the smallest triangle is yellow .
the smallest triangle is yellow .
the biggest triangle is yellow .
the rightmost triangle is gray .
the lowermost gray shape is a cross .

the rightmost magenta shape is a rectangle .
the lowermost cyan shape is a triangle .
the rightmost magenta shape is a semicircle .
the lowermost rectangle is blue .
the rectangle closest to the triangle is magenta .

the rightmost cross is cyan .
the darkest cross is blue .
the smallest rectangle is magenta .
the uppermost cross is cyan .
the leftmost cross is blue .

the rightmost cyan shape is a cross .
the biggest cyan shape is a square .
the uppermost circle is cyan .
the cyan shape closest to the green shape is a triangle .
the lowermost circle is gray .

the lowermost rectangle is red .
the biggest ellipse is red .
the darkest magenta shape is a semicircle .
the smallest magenta shape is an ellipse .
the darkest red shape is a rectangle .

the gray shape farthest from the square is a circle .
the leftmost semicircle is cyan .
the semicircle farthest from the cyan pentagon is gray .
the rightmost semicircle is gray .
the lowermost semicircle is gray .

the cross farthest from the red pentagon is green .
the uppermost cross is magenta .
the cross farthest from the red pentagon is yellow .
the leftmost cross is yellow .
the leftmost cross is yellow .

the smallest rectangle is gray .
the biggest rectangle is red .
the biggest rectangle is gray .
the uppermost rectangle is gray .
the biggest rectangle is gray .

the smallest semicircle is yellow .
the lowermost semicircle is yellow .
the uppermost semicircle is yellow .
the rightmost yellow shape is a cross .
the biggest semicircle is yellow .

the rightmost gray shape is a semicircle .
the uppermost cyan shape is a circle .
the smallest circle is gray .
the lightest gray shape is a circle .
the biggest gray shape is a triangle .

the uppermost gray shape is an ellipse .
the rightmost gray shape is a circle .
the uppermost gray shape is an ellipse .
the gray shape farthest from the cyan shape is an ellipse .
the lowermost gray shape is a circle .

the blue shape farthest from the magenta rectangle is a circle .
the rightmost ellipse is gray .
the rightmost magenta shape is a square .
the magenta shape farthest from the circle is a rectangle .
the lowermost magenta shape is an ellipse .

the lightest ellipse is red .
the darkest red shape is a pentagon .
the lowermost red shape is a cross .
the leftmost red shape is a cross .
the leftmost red shape is a triangle .

the gray shape farthest from the magenta semicircle is a cross .
the darkest gray shape is a pentagon .
the smallest gray shape is a cross .
the darkest gray shape is a cross .
the lowermost gray shape is a cross .

the rightmost square is gray .
the uppermost green shape is a square .
the green shape farthest from the gray circle is an ellipse .
the square farthest from the gray circle is green .
the square farthest from the gray circle is red .

the lightest yellow shape is an ellipse .
the smallest square is cyan .
the uppermost yellow shape is a rectangle .
the yellow shape closest to the blue square is a square .
the red shape closest to the circle is a cross .

the leftmost cross is red .
the red shape farthest from the green shape is a cross .
the lowermost cross is yellow .
the rightmost red shape is a semicircle .
the cyan shape closest to the red cross is a semicircle .

the lightest semicircle is gray .
the leftmost gray shape is a pentagon .
the uppermost semicircle is gray .
the magenta shape farthest from the blue shape is a square .
the lightest ellipse is magenta .

the biggest square is magenta .
the uppermost yellow shape is a triangle .
the rightmost square is green .
the rightmost square is magenta .
the square farthest from the yellow triangle is magenta .

the leftmost triangle is blue .
the leftmost cyan shape is a semicircle .
the lowermost rectangle is cyan .
the cyan shape closest to the blue shape is a square .
the triangle closest to the blue shape is magenta .

the lightest pentagon is blue .
the semicircle farthest from the blue ellipse is blue .
the darkest semicircle is green .
the biggest blue shape is a circle .
the darkest pentagon is green .

the smallest pentagon is blue .
the darkest yellow shape is a circle .
the darkest yellow shape is a rectangle .
the rectangle farthest from the blue pentagon is blue .
the uppermost blue shape is a circle .

the rightmost cyan shape is a square .
the smallest square is cyan .
the darkest square is red .
the uppermost square is cyan .
the uppermost cyan shape is a cross .

the red shape farthest from the yellow shape is a square .
the rightmost triangle is blue .
the lowermost triangle is blue .
the blue shape closest to the red cross is an ellipse .
the blue shape farthest from the green cross is a square .

the green shape closest to the cyan semicircle is a triangle .
the biggest green shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost cyan shape is a semicircle .
the lightest ellipse is green .
the lowermost green shape is a rectangle .

the biggest red shape is a rectangle .
the rightmost rectangle is red .
the leftmost rectangle is red .
the leftmost red shape is a semicircle .
the lightest red shape is an ellipse .

the darkest cross is gray .
the gray shape closest to the red shape is a circle .
the biggest cross is red .
the lowermost cyan shape is a cross .
the lowermost cross is red .

