at most all rectangles but one are gray .
a few gray shapes are a rectangle .
not four shapes are a magenta circle .
at most four magenta shapes are a magenta semicircle .
less than one shape is cyan .

five less ellipses than rectangles are cyan .
at most two pentagons are green .
at least one rectangle is green .
most of the seven rectangles are green .
three more blue shapes than green shapes are a rectangle .

more than all pentagons but one are a magenta pentagon .
more than five shapes are magenta .
at most all the seven magenta shapes but one are a magenta rectangle .
not three of the five red shapes are a rectangle .
more than two of the seven rectangles are a magenta rectangle .

more than four shapes are a pentagon .
a third of the shapes is a circle .
less than two of the three cyan shapes are a circle .
no green shape is an ellipse .
less than one of the two semicircles is gray .

at most five gray shapes are a gray triangle .
twice as many triangles as crosses are red .
exactly five red shapes are a triangle .
two thirds of the three red shapes are a triangle .
a third of the three red shapes is a pentagon .

more than two of the four gray shapes are a gray triangle .
more than zero of the two gray shapes are a gray triangle .
a quarter of the seven gray shapes is a gray pentagon .
not three gray shapes are a pentagon .
as many circles as triangles are blue .

at least three shapes are gray .
not all triangles but one are magenta .
not all semicircles but one are a yellow semicircle .
at least five shapes are a magenta triangle .
less than five shapes are a magenta semicircle .

five more red shapes than blue shapes are a semicircle .
less than four shapes are a circle .
less than five of the five magenta shapes are a circle .
at most three magenta shapes are a magenta rectangle .
all green shapes are a circle .

five more gray shapes than magenta shapes are a triangle .
less than one of the six gray shapes is a rectangle .
at least one magenta shape is a triangle .
more than five of the seven semicircles are gray .
at most zero green shapes are a triangle .

at least one cyan shape is a cyan square .
at most one shape is a green cross .
most cyan shapes are a square .
almost no square is gray .
more than zero of the three green shapes are a square .

at most two shapes are a cyan semicircle .
at least all ellipses but one are a green ellipse .
at most all the three gray shapes but one are a triangle .
less than two of the seven shapes are a cyan square .
exactly zero of the seven shapes are magenta .

at most three of the five semicircles are blue .
less than four of the five semicircles are green .
more than all the four magenta shapes but one are a magenta circle .
at most three blue shapes are a semicircle .
at most one of the five circles is green .

less than three squares are blue .
at most zero of the four squares are cyan .
none of the five shapes is red .
not five of the five shapes are a cyan circle .
at most three magenta shapes are an ellipse .

not one triangle is a gray triangle .
more than five crosses are gray .
not five of the seven gray shapes are a gray semicircle .
exactly zero of the two semicircles are cyan .
at least two cyan shapes are a triangle .

at least zero of the seven squares are magenta .
not one square is a magenta square .
at most zero magenta shapes are a cross .
at most three of the three squares are a cyan square .
at most four of the seven shapes are cyan .

at least five of the five shapes are a square .
at most all shapes but one are a cross .
less than four of the six green shapes are a green square .
more than zero of the five shapes are a red square .
most green shapes are a green rectangle .

more than four ellipses are red .
at most four of the five red shapes are an ellipse .
at least four of the six ellipses are a red ellipse .
exactly one red shape is an ellipse .
not five of the eight shapes are a blue ellipse .

at least five green shapes are a cross .
at least zero circles are a yellow circle .
exactly zero of the two red shapes are a pentagon .
not zero blue shapes are a pentagon .
not three shapes are a cross .

no yellow shape is a pentagon .
not one red shape is a square .
no red shape is a rectangle .
less than one square is a red square .
exactly one shape is magenta .

at least all the two red shapes but one are an ellipse .
exactly two of the six shapes are a yellow cross .
half the two ellipses are red .
at most two of the six shapes are an ellipse .
less than four of the seven crosses are cyan .

at least one cross is red .
not three shapes are a green cross .
at least one of the two semicircles is green .
less than all green shapes but one are a green cross .
less than four of the four green shapes are a cross .

less than one of the three ellipses is a blue ellipse .
four more gray shapes than magenta shapes are a rectangle .
not four rectangles are a gray rectangle .
at most four of the three ellipses are cyan .
a few rectangles are a gray rectangle .

exactly three of the eight shapes are a semicircle .
exactly all squares but one are cyan .
at least all the three semicircles but one are a cyan semicircle .
more than two of the eight shapes are red .
none of the two blue shapes is a pentagon .

exactly four yellow shapes are a yellow cross .
exactly two blue shapes are a blue square .
at least three of the six yellow shapes are a cross .
exactly two ellipses are blue .
less than four of the four blue shapes are a cross .

three more pentagons than rectangles are red .
at least one of the five red shapes is a pentagon .
exactly zero shapes are a cross .
not zero of the four red shapes are a pentagon .
more than three of the two red shapes are a pentagon .

at least one of the six shapes is a cyan semicircle .
at most five of the three yellow shapes are a triangle .
exactly zero semicircles are gray .
at most three of the three yellow shapes are a triangle .
half as many triangles as semicircles are yellow .

at least two of the six shapes are a cross .
at most one of the four crosses is a gray cross .
at most zero of the four shapes are a gray square .
at least all the two gray shapes but one are a cross .
at least five red shapes are a square .

more than three of the eight pentagons are a gray pentagon .
not five of the three crosses are a gray cross .
three less crosses than pentagons are gray .
twice as many red shapes as cyan shapes are a pentagon .
at least three pentagons are red .

not four of the eight shapes are a blue square .
not two shapes are blue .
exactly all squares but one are blue .
more than three of the six shapes are a square .
more than zero of the six blue shapes are a blue semicircle .

a third of the five shapes is a cyan ellipse .
almost all rectangles are cyan .
exactly four cyan shapes are a cyan ellipse .
not four of the three cyan shapes are a rectangle .
not zero shapes are a red ellipse .

at least two of the three yellow shapes are a circle .
more than five shapes are a semicircle .
exactly three of the four semicircles are green .
at least all yellow shapes but one are a semicircle .
at most one semicircle is a red semicircle .

at least all blue shapes but one are a blue cross .
more than two of the two magenta shapes are a rectangle .
half the five crosses are blue .
at least all the six crosses but one are a yellow cross .
at most one of the three ellipses is yellow .

five less pentagons than semicircles are cyan .
at most all cyan shapes but one are a cyan pentagon .
less than one of the seven semicircles is red .
not one semicircle is cyan .
more than five of the seven semicircles are yellow .

exactly four crosses are a gray cross .
at least two circles are yellow .
exactly two shapes are a semicircle .
at most five of the two squares are a blue square .
at most one of the three squares is a blue square .

as many blue shapes as red shapes are a rectangle .
exactly zero of the five shapes are a green rectangle .
more than five triangles are blue .
three less blue shapes than red shapes are a rectangle .
at least three of the eight shapes are a cross .

at least three shapes are a red rectangle .
not one shape is a cyan semicircle .
a few blue shapes are a blue rectangle .
not all semicircles but one are a green semicircle .
at most three of the six semicircles are blue .

more than two shapes are a yellow rectangle .
less than one of the three yellow shapes is a triangle .
exactly zero of the eight shapes are a yellow pentagon .
more than two yellow shapes are a yellow ellipse .
less than all yellow shapes but one are a yellow rectangle .

no green shape is a green triangle .
not three green shapes are a cross .
almost all triangles are yellow .
not four green shapes are a green triangle .
not one of the two ellipses is a green ellipse .

none of the three gray shapes is a gray ellipse .
exactly all gray shapes but one are a semicircle .
less than one of the eight shapes is a magenta triangle .
three more squares than triangles are cyan .
less than three cyan shapes are a cyan ellipse .

at least one shape is an ellipse .
at least one of the eight shapes is a yellow semicircle .
less than all blue shapes but one are a rectangle .
less than two of the eight shapes are a red rectangle .
most red shapes are a square .

not four gray shapes are a circle .
at most two shapes are a blue circle .
more than one circle is a gray circle .
more than one of the three squares is gray .
at most four circles are gray .

not zero rectangles are a red rectangle .
not four of the three yellow shapes are a semicircle .
not three of the four crosses are a red cross .
a quarter of the four yellow shapes is a yellow semicircle .
not four rectangles are yellow .

exactly two of the eight shapes are green .
not four rectangles are red .
at least two of the eight shapes are red .
half the two triangles are cyan .
less than zero rectangles are a green rectangle .

exactly one of the eight shapes is a cross .
less than two of the eight triangles are blue .
less than three shapes are a pentagon .
exactly zero of the six triangles are a blue triangle .
at least one of the two shapes is a circle .

not three of the two red shapes are a square .
not one of the six shapes is red .
at most zero shapes are gray .
more than zero shapes are a square .
more than all the two yellow shapes but one are a square .

not three of the six shapes are a yellow circle .
at most four of the four pentagons are a yellow pentagon .
at most zero of the two shapes are gray .
as many pentagons as squares are yellow .
not one of the three green shapes is a green square .

at most zero crosses are a yellow cross .
not one of the three cyan shapes is a cross .
at least all shapes but one are a yellow cross .
not four yellow shapes are a cross .
more than one cross is yellow .

not five squares are green .
less than five squares are magenta .
exactly all the five magenta shapes but one are a square .
exactly three of the three magenta shapes are a square .
more than zero shapes are a magenta circle .

twice as many green shapes as gray shapes are a pentagon .
more than three crosses are green .
more than three of the four crosses are magenta .
at least one of the six shapes is a green cross .
at most three crosses are gray .

two more cyan shapes than red shapes are a pentagon .
at least zero of the six red shapes are a pentagon .
at least three of the eight pentagons are red .
at least one of the four shapes is a magenta ellipse .
at most four of the six red shapes are a square .

at least four of the six gray shapes are a gray semicircle .
more than four red shapes are a square .
at most one of the two shapes is a green semicircle .
at least zero of the six gray shapes are a semicircle .
at least four shapes are a cyan semicircle .

at least three of the four cyan shapes are a cyan rectangle .
three quarters of the shapes are cyan .
less than zero cyan shapes are an ellipse .
half the four yellow shapes are a square .
exactly five shapes are a cyan square .

more than three shapes are green .
at least all yellow shapes but one are a yellow semicircle .
exactly one square is a blue square .
at least five green shapes are a square .
at most zero shapes are a cross .

five less yellow shapes than red shapes are a semicircle .
not one shape is a red semicircle .
almost all red shapes are a semicircle .
not five of the five red shapes are a red semicircle .
at most three of the six red shapes are a red cross .

more than five shapes are green .
at most all the two shapes but one are a green circle .
exactly four shapes are red .
at most zero of the eight circles are blue .
at most five of the six circles are green .

four less squares than semicircles are gray .
most gray shapes are a semicircle .
at most zero rectangles are magenta .
at least two shapes are a gray semicircle .
exactly zero red shapes are a circle .

less than all the five circles but one are a cyan circle .
more than one of the eight circles is gray .
three more pentagons than triangles are cyan .
exactly four of the six cyan shapes are a circle .
not all the eight shapes but one are a cyan square .

two more cyan shapes than magenta shapes are a pentagon .
less than four of the three semicircles are cyan .
at most two of the eight shapes are an ellipse .
two more pentagons than triangles are cyan .
exactly three of the four cyan shapes are a cyan pentagon .

more than one of the two triangles is a cyan triangle .
more than three cyan shapes are a pentagon .
at most all squares but one are green .
almost all triangles are cyan .
as many red shapes as cyan shapes are a rectangle .

exactly one shape is a blue semicircle .
less than four of the five shapes are a yellow triangle .
not three of the six blue shapes are a blue triangle .
less than two yellow shapes are a cross .
more than two of the four blue shapes are a blue square .

almost all green shapes are a green semicircle .
at least two green shapes are a green semicircle .
more than four shapes are a green semicircle .
at least two shapes are a green semicircle .
exactly one green shape is a rectangle .

three less triangles than semicircles are blue .
less than five of the six magenta shapes are a magenta semicircle .
more than one of the six magenta shapes is a magenta semicircle .
more than four shapes are a magenta ellipse .
more than four of the six semicircles are magenta .

four more circles than ellipses are green .
at most two shapes are a green circle .
four more green shapes than cyan shapes are a circle .
at most one magenta shape is a circle .
at most zero green shapes are a rectangle .

three more gray shapes than green shapes are a pentagon .
not four shapes are a pentagon .
less than five of the seven yellow shapes are a yellow triangle .
at least four of the eight yellow shapes are a yellow pentagon .
almost none of the eight yellow shapes is a yellow pentagon .

less than two of the five shapes are a red circle .
not all semicircles but one are a magenta semicircle .
more than four shapes are yellow .
not zero shapes are cyan .
at most zero of the six shapes are a square .

at most five shapes are an ellipse .
not five yellow shapes are a semicircle .
at most one shape is a green semicircle .
at most four of the three yellow shapes are a semicircle .
at least zero shapes are a yellow semicircle .

two more magenta shapes than cyan shapes are a semicircle .
a few semicircles are red .
almost all shapes are a red ellipse .
not all the eight magenta shapes but one are an ellipse .
almost no shape is a semicircle .

four more red shapes than green shapes are a circle .
exactly three of the five ellipses are a red ellipse .
at most one circle is a red circle .
none of the two pentagons is magenta .
at least four circles are a red circle .

less than four cyan shapes are a cyan triangle .
exactly one of the two magenta shapes is a magenta cross .
a third of the two red shapes is a red cross .
more than zero crosses are a cyan cross .
a few ellipses are a magenta ellipse .

at least zero of the three gray shapes are a square .
more than zero ellipses are cyan .
more than four shapes are a triangle .
at least two ellipses are magenta .
less than two of the three squares are a gray square .

almost all the eight rectangles are yellow .
not all the eight yellow shapes but one are a rectangle .
more than all rectangles but one are green .
at least one of the eight rectangles is yellow .
at least zero of the eight rectangles are a red rectangle .

all of the three pentagons are cyan .
as many green shapes as cyan shapes are a circle .
exactly three of the two circles are green .
not one of the seven shapes is cyan .
at most five red shapes are a triangle .

not one shape is a blue cross .
at least one of the three crosses is blue .
less than four of the two blue shapes are a blue rectangle .
not three of the eight shapes are a rectangle .
exactly four red shapes are a rectangle .

a quarter of the magenta shapes is a magenta circle .
not two of the eight rectangles are gray .
exactly two rectangles are green .
exactly zero rectangles are a red rectangle .
at most zero of the two magenta shapes are a semicircle .

five more triangles than circles are green .
less than two of the seven triangles are magenta .
more than five circles are green .
less than all shapes but one are a green triangle .
more than one green shape is a rectangle .

not three of the six pentagons are cyan .
exactly all squares but one are magenta .
no pentagon is a green pentagon .
at most two of the eight pentagons are red .
not four pentagons are a green pentagon .

more than two of the eight shapes are gray .
more than two triangles are green .
less than one of the four gray shapes is a gray pentagon .
less than all shapes but one are blue .
not four of the four triangles are gray .

exactly two of the five blue shapes are a pentagon .
as many rectangles as semicircles are blue .
more than four semicircles are blue .
a few of the three gray shapes are a rectangle .
at most two of the five blue shapes are a blue semicircle .

at least all the seven rectangles but one are a red rectangle .
at most five shapes are blue .
less than five of the three crosses are blue .
exactly one shape is gray .
not zero rectangles are a red rectangle .

exactly all crosses but one are magenta .
not two of the two crosses are magenta .
less than four of the three red shapes are a red pentagon .
less than three of the seven crosses are red .
at least four shapes are a red triangle .

most shapes are a blue square .
less than two shapes are a blue triangle .
not five of the six shapes are blue .
more than two rectangles are green .
not four shapes are green .

not three of the seven shapes are a red rectangle .
at most two shapes are a cyan circle .
more than two rectangles are a green rectangle .
at most four of the three circles are a green circle .
not zero of the two cyan shapes are a square .

at least two of the six shapes are a rectangle .
at most five of the two ellipses are blue .
exactly four gray shapes are a rectangle .
all of the two ellipses are a blue ellipse .
exactly all shapes but one are a cyan pentagon .

exactly all the five gray shapes but one are an ellipse .
more than five of the two magenta shapes are a magenta semicircle .
exactly two ellipses are cyan .
not three shapes are cyan .
less than five of the five cyan shapes are a triangle .

two more blue shapes than gray shapes are a circle .
at most one blue shape is a semicircle .
not five shapes are green .
at most two of the six gray shapes are a gray rectangle .
less than one of the four triangles is gray .

at least five shapes are a pentagon .
at most all the two rectangles but one are a magenta rectangle .
as many cyan shapes as green shapes are a cross .
exactly all cyan shapes but one are a square .
at least all the two magenta shapes but one are a cross .

less than four shapes are green .
at least one circle is green .
at most three shapes are a blue triangle .
not three of the three rectangles are yellow .
all shapes are a gray triangle .

more than two cyan shapes are a triangle .
all of the two ellipses are green .
at least two shapes are a green pentagon .
almost all shapes are a triangle .
less than four of the five yellow shapes are a triangle .

not zero of the four gray shapes are a triangle .
not one of the four gray shapes is a triangle .
less than three of the four gray shapes are a gray semicircle .
not all the three triangles but one are gray .
at least zero of the eight triangles are a gray triangle .

three quarters of the four red shapes are a rectangle .
more than zero gray shapes are a triangle .
more than three green shapes are a rectangle .
at most four of the six rectangles are a red rectangle .
more than all shapes but one are red .

three less magenta shapes than red shapes are a square .
less than three squares are a yellow square .
less than one of the four magenta shapes is a semicircle .
at least two of the four magenta shapes are a magenta square .
almost no shape is a magenta square .

at most two shapes are a rectangle .
not zero gray shapes are a cross .
more than three of the seven magenta shapes are a magenta rectangle .
at least five shapes are a square .
more than all crosses but one are cyan .

a few of the three semicircles are green .
not four of the six green shapes are a green semicircle .
not all the six green shapes but one are a semicircle .
exactly all the two pentagons but one are a green pentagon .
not four of the eight shapes are a magenta pentagon .

not two shapes are a green semicircle .
not four shapes are a blue semicircle .
as many semicircles as rectangles are green .
a few of the two shapes are a magenta pentagon .
not all the seven semicircles but one are red .

not five semicircles are a magenta semicircle .
at least one blue shape is a circle .
exactly zero shapes are a yellow triangle .
not three circles are a magenta circle .
a few of the five yellow shapes are a semicircle .

less than three triangles are red .
at most five of the three shapes are a blue pentagon .
more than five shapes are a triangle .
at most zero gray shapes are a semicircle .
at least two of the five shapes are a triangle .

more than two of the six rectangles are cyan .
less than all rectangles but one are a cyan rectangle .
exactly two of the six rectangles are a yellow rectangle .
exactly zero shapes are blue .
at least five shapes are green .

as many cyan shapes as green shapes are a rectangle .
two more red shapes than cyan shapes are a semicircle .
at most all cyan shapes but one are a cyan pentagon .
more than one of the six red shapes is a red square .
exactly two semicircles are a blue semicircle .

at least all shapes but one are cyan .
less than two gray shapes are a gray semicircle .
more than zero triangles are red .
as many green shapes as red shapes are a cross .
not two of the three gray shapes are a cross .

a quarter of the yellow shapes is a yellow square .
all shapes are a square .
exactly five ellipses are yellow .
exactly all yellow shapes but one are a yellow cross .
not all green shapes but one are an ellipse .

